5|23191|WHAT AN AWESOME MOVIE!! The best i've seen in a while. Dennis Quaid shows real talent in this movie.
5|6776|best movie ever funnyest thing in the world whoever disagrees will suffer
1|21271|It's Elvis for gods sake. Nothing but a vehicle for him and others to make money. None of his movies featured any acting or even a defineable storyline worth mentioning. They are all one thing... Elvis singing. Wee...
5|13052|Probably one of the best ten pictures of all time. Incredible story, performances, photography, etc. What about the Mr. Coppola direction?. No words about that. This movie shows he is one of the very best. Apologies for my english. I am Spanish. 
5|7468|A very funny, super-likable movie that capitalizes on that anxiety we all feel about meeting a significant other's family for the first time. Ben Stiller plays the good-hearted everyman to perfection, so it's absolutely distressing to watch him stumble through this series of (hilarious) misfortunes. Though I've never been a huge Robert DeNiro fan, he is rather convincing as the intimidating father. On the negative side, the movie fails to develop the female character very well (to the point that you'll wish Stiller's character would just give up, since she doesn't seem worth the suffering he endures), and the happy ending gets stitched together pretty unconvincingly. But these are small nitpicks -- overall, it's an excellent comedy that (together with Something About Mary) establishes Stiller as one of Hollywood's most reliably funny leading men.
5|15423|I JUST SAW THIS LAST NIGHT! I THINK THAT SEAN AND JULIA ARE GREAT ACTORS AND TO ME SAVE THE LAST DANCE SHOULD BE THE NUMBER 1 MOVIE IN AMERICA.BUT THAT IS JUST ME.IT ROCKED
5|24826|Awesome - the book is incredible and although the movie was somewhat skewed it was still had fantastic effects
5|19219|F#####G awesome best remake ever of a hooror so far.
5|4161|This was my first movie that I saw as a three year old and now i get to see it on dvd and it is so awesone and I was obsessed with it and still always treasure it!
5|2510|Excellent movie in many ways. Acting was terrific. Kostner did great job directing. Only flaw was unrealistic delays from gun report to impact. Bullets could be thrown at that velocity!
5|18107|THE zombie movie. No one will ever come close to making another zombie flick that can draw you in like this one. I read on some other posts that the movie was funny or boring, but htey obviously either paid no attention or were high or watching the dreadful remake or sequels.
5|2276|I love 'heist' movies, and this one did not disapoint. There are so many spoilers, I can barely describe the film, but I'll give it a try: a heist, a plot twist, a con job, a plot twist, Edward Norton gets cold cocked -- twice!, motorboats racing through the canals of Venice, a few GREAT car chases, and a cool, cool ending. It's not in the theaters anymore. Rob your Grandma's purse, if you have to, and go rent this movie! Don't turn off the computer... Go! Now! 
5|583|the best!
5|17552|This is one of the most visually stunning movies I have ever seen. Jeunet and Caro create a world so realistic and yet different that I couldn't help but wonder if they in fact live on the same planet as myself. The atmosphere is dark which allows the humor to juxtapose beautifully. Watch this film if you enjoy beauty.
5|5519|Hitchcock's best film, and the movie that started a new genre of film. The slasher movie would not exist without this gritty, disturbing, surprising and utterly terrifying masterpiece of obsession, schitzophrenia, lust, and perversity. There is no Halloween, no Texas Chainsaw Massacre, no Friday the 13th, no Nightmare on Elm Street, and no Scream without this film. And believe it or not, this is still the best one of them all. The Citizen Kane of horror films, and one of cinema's greatest directors greatest achievment.
5|4607|a great movie a good movie to follow the second. In the end of the movie they found out that sirus Black is innocent and the real bad person who killed all those people was rons rat. Now if you want to go see the movie you dont have to because i just gave away the ending.
5|15345|The late great sax player Dexter Gordon was sensational as an expatriate American saxman dying in Paris. Paul Newman robbed him for the Oscar in 1986. 
1|20609|A truly bad movie-with one of the most annoying soundtracks EVER.Once on a job,the only music playing was this soundtrack over and over-when I finally spoke up and offered to get another tape out of my car I was loudly cheered by everyone in the building.People were literally ready to walk off the job!
5|6010|This movie had some of the best stuff from the Marx Brothers. On e of my favorites.
1|21517|Total garbage. I tried as hard as I could to like this movie, but couldn't. Bad acting (Natalie Portman was awful, as was Sam Jackson). The transformation to Vader wasn't believable- in a matter of minutes Anakin goes from good to ambivilent to child killer. Stupid. And Darth Vader walking like Frankenstien? How about I've got the higher ground? WTF? Throughout the prequels people jump over each other in sword fights with no problem. My biggest complaint- the empire only existed for 18 years before a New Hope??? A New Hope made it sound like the Jedi were forgotten legends, not a goup that had only disappeared for two decades. Lame.
5|13734|This was one of my favorite movies. I'm not all that into war, but this movie really helped me out a lot. It showed me that afro-americans really made a difference in the world, even though it took us a long time. I would love to have been back then, only to fight and prove a point to myself and others.
5|15351|I thank this movie for teaching me what my history classes left out. What an educational experience, and it wasn't even boring!
5|13720|This is a great movie with one of the most powerful final scenes ever in a movie. This movie really defined Robin Williams as a dramatic actor. Captain, My Captain.
5|597|One of Kevin Spacey's best roles ever. A movie that can keep me guessing the entire way through must be an amazing film. This is one of them.
5|17546|The Best Indian Movie ever MADE.
5|10229|Coyote ugly is my favorite movie. The girls were great especially Piper Perabo. I love her so much. I would do anything to meet her. she is the most amazing, beautiful woman i have ever seen.
5|4175|This is a fantastic classic it's one of my favorites!!. It's awesome!! great characters wonderful music!! and a beautiful love story!
5|18113|THIS HAS TO BE ONE OF THE SCARIEST MOVIE S I'VE EVER SEEN. GEORGE ROMERO ESTABLISHED HIMSELF AS KING OF THE DEAD WITH THIS ONE. MANY SCENES THAT MAKE YOU WANT TO JUST COVER YOUR EYES, HAS A VERY GOOD SURPRISE AT THE END OF THE MOVIE. A DEFINITE MUST SEE.
5|14729|Steven Soderbergh is Jesus Christ with a movie camera. It was a commercial film that stayed true to the filmmaker's style. Julia Roberts was excellent, as was the supporting cast. Despite the well known story, the movie was well done and extremely entertaining.
5|23185|awesome 
1|21265|The fourth-rate sequel of a third-rate film that featured a second-rate male lead. Add a fifth-rate director and a score by a sixth-rate musical act, and you've got the recipe for one of the worst motion pictures ever made. A stupendous waste of film stock.
5|9451|Brilliant. Mabey Woody's best movie. Shot in glorious black and white with Gershwin raging on the soundtrack.
5|13046|Amazing. An intense journey. The breadth and scope of Coppola's work will draw the viewer in. Compelling characters, a great story, and wonderful acting will make this a memorable experience.
5|12358|This was an excellent French film by the woman who starred in Amelie. Has some French regulars. Very engaging film taking place during World War I, about a polio infected woman searching for her lost lover who is missing in action as the war comes to an end. Very complex plot that unfolds beautifully. Jodie Foster plays a part in it, which eliminated the film from contention for best foreign film category at the Academy awards.
5|3632|Having just recently seen this movie, I must say that I was quite impressed. It's one of the most suspenseful thrillers I've seen in a long time, and along with Seven is probably tied for the best cat and mouse film of the 1990s. Morgan Freeman is as always completely convicing, and manages to pull off playing the role of an almost unrealistically brilliant detective quite well. At a few points in the film, I was actually asking myself, How the hell did this guy figure this out?. Despite this, Freeman still plays the part well, and is supported by a great cast including Ashley Judd, Jay O'Sanders and Cary Elwes, who is quite good in the film. Overall, minus a few holes in the plot, Kiss the Girls is a great thriller and rivals Seven as one of the most provocative thrillers of its decade. It keeps a hold on the viewer's attention all the way through the film and climaxes with an explosive and surprising ending.
5|21962|brilliant, one of the best movies period. A cult classic, I can watch this masterpiece a thousand times
5|5243|Also being one of the very first movies in color, this movie is a true classic that has an unmatched storyline that people will cherish for generations.
5|10567|I loved this movie... Reeves was not the best but the other charactors made the movie great! I really liked Brian Murphy, the deaf guy ( David Denmark) He was So cute!!! I also really liked the guy from Wales. It was a cute movie!
1|12687|This film, like all other Moore films is funny and entertaining, but the facts are grossly distorted. If this film was to be a lampoon of some sort, it would rate a higher score. But as it is intended as a facual report that spews lies and distortion, I give it one star. I won't reward lies.
5|1025|A great adrenaline rush, a real guy movie with buildings blowing up left and right. Die Hard two and three are not as good as the original. Bruce Willis was the man in the movie.
5|14701|Julia was great in this film and she deserves every award she gets (and all those she doesn't!). This film deserves the highest kudos!
5|15379|This movie was butta!!! It is one of the very best movies I've seen. One reason is because they showed the problems between whites and blacks together.
5|8001|My favority comedy of the 80's, the golden years of comedy. I think the line there are two lines that say it all for me. The first from Murray near the beginning of the movie when his girlfriend leaves him and the second from Ramis when they are being interviewed by the army enlistment officer. One- "But who will water the plants?" Two - "No, we're not homosexual, but we are willing to try." 
5|13708|Another great Robin Williams flick. I love this movie because Poetry to me is the best stuff on earth. The combination of the great actors and story made me fall in love with the movie.
5|1743|An intellectual delight to watch. I LOVED this movie!! It was even more original than Being John Malkovich.
5|5525|One of Hitchcock's masterpieces. Psycho is a really scary movie and probably one of the best of its genre to ever be made. A staple for all people, no matter if you're a movie fan or not.
5|18885|Very scary and very creepy. You'll want to sleep with all the lights in the house on....
5|16670|An excellent example of political and military life.
5|19543|One of those films that sucks you in with its great atmosphere and feeling, or on the other hand you just dont get it and think its dumb. I think this is an excellent film and it delivers the goods in suspense.
5|5531|PSYCHO is the greatest suspense thriller (not horror movie) of all time, without question! Sure, it does move along at a slow pace, but such is necessary in order to build suspense. The first half hour builds up to the shower sequence, while the rest of the movie moves at the same pace in order to keep the apprehention in the minds of the audience. This is certainly one of the few times where a movie is made for the audience, while at the same time being absolutely spectacular!
5|18891|Based on a true story, with the actors and events, clearly the best Horror/Scary movie of all time.
5|19557|Any movie with LeeLee Sobieski is bound to be good. She is a brilliant, fantastic looking actress who always adds a touch of class to any movie. The movie itself does little to expand the horror movie genre, instead relying on tired old cliches to create an atmosphere of tension. Highly predictable, but enjoyable.
5|8015|Little funny parts in it, but i give this one a 5 star becuase its just a movie you can watch 3 billion times and still enjoy it.
5|6038|A classic Stanley Kubrick movie, who is incapable of producing a bad film. The movie was both hilarious and poignant, reminiscent of Catch-22 in its satirical yet altogether believable portrayal of world militaries.
5|14073|A very well-done movie with a feel-good attitude through almost the entire film. Great performances from James Earl Jones and Kevin Costner don't hurt, along with the great scenery. Great ending as well!
5|1031|Die Hard was a good movie. The actors were good. They storyline was great, how he had to save the building.
5|14715|I just need to know if Erin Brockovich ever married George? I noticed that her name is now Erin Brockovich-Ellis. But, it never tells us anywhere in the movie, or in the credits, what George's last name is. 
5|8773|This movie was sooo cute. I'm definitely getting it when it comes out on DVD. It had a few funny moments, and I think it was sweet how Adam Sandler kept trying and trying because he loved her so much. Sandler was great, as usual, and Drew Barrymore is rather beautiful in this flic. All in all, it was a sweet, romantic comedy.
5|6986|Definitely my favorite movie of all time. Matthew Broderick reminds me of my childhood (though his measly 9 absences pales in comparison to me) as he skips school and takes a day on the town with his girlfriend and best friend.
1|22988|An appalling film! May possibly have a strange appeal to pseudo-intellectual types, but has no soul. Sorry!
1|24321|Movie was absolutely forgetable. The typical useless action drivel that dominates the movie scene these days. One of the worst movies of the year.
5|21976|Rob Reiner hit it big when he directed Stand By Me, so he wanted to do a comedy that would entertain us. He spoofed fairy tales and stuff like that, and hit it lucky when he directed The Princess Bride. Billy Crystal was so, so funny as the elf, and Fred Savage was so cute in it.
5|10573|This movie was full of comedy, action and had a little bit of romance. The football scenes were great and there were many funny parts.
1|831|Well I guess I'm in the minority here but I thought the movie was terrible and boring to boot!! Sure the premise of being able to see dead people is spooky and all but somewhere in there people seem to have gotten so swept up by the whole idea of it that they forgot how corny so much of it was with Bruce Willis walking around the city trying to sort out this little kids (and his own) problems. C'mon people work with me here. It was more of a drama than a horror movie. Oh no there's a pastey faced girl under my bed and she wants me to go deliver a box to Mommy and Daddy!!!! Oooohhhh. Now don't get me wrong if I found a pastey faced girl in a nightie hiding out under my bed you can bet I'd freak to the extreme but one things for sure you wouldn't catch me running errands for her. oh and while your out if you would be so kind as to stop off at mummy and daddys to drop of a little something for me I'd be ever so indebted to you 
5|2538|THIS IS THE BEST MOVIE JACKIE CHAN AND CHRIS TUCKER ARE SO FUNNY AND I'M GLAD THEY R COMING OUT WIT A SEQUEL!!
5|10598|The Farrelly Brothers' funniest movie. It should have been a hit along the lines of There's Something About Mary-- I don't know why it wasn't. This thing is hysterical, and politically incorrect. A movie Mel Brooks could have made in the '70s. Love it. 
5|226|This was an excellent movie. The emotion that is involved in it is amazing. The musical score adds a third dimension to the already great acting. Highly recommended.
5|21745|fantastic!!!!!I am waiting for more movies like this one
5|11686|Best movie ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5|14926|great movie
5|8798|all dog lovers can relate and realize how we end up being part of each other's life
5|23634|The effects are great and the story is a little vague but compelling. Not as good as the first one but most of the suprises are gone, you've seen it in the first one. Typical 2nd part of a trilogy leaves you with more questions then answers.
5|15386|Man! Best ever yet! Makes you wanna jump outta yer chair and dance with the guys on the screen! Even if you don't your feet well just keep on tapping and your head beatin' with the groove! Liked the story too! :)
1|10709|How could a guy who was so funny in Happy Gilmore be so incredibly lame in Waterboy? I can't believe I spent $7 to see this crap. Truly awful.
5|21023|The Wall was the greatest rock opera of all time. The animations were amazing and Bob Geldof was an excellent choice to play Pink. The movie is kind of hard to grasp at first if you have never listened to The Wall or Pink Floyd but still an excellent movie.
5|540|In my opinion this movie excedes, by far, The Godfather when it comes to portraying the mafia in a realistic way. There is no sugar-coating found here. Joe Pesci is perfect as a half crazy risk taking murderer who can still make you laugh. Lorraine Bracco, Robert De Niro, and Ray Liota are all in top form as well.
5|17591|My absolute favourite movie of all times, and that's not (only) because it's Mexican. ;) Really a straight-forward, honest, sexy and captivating motion picture! :)
1|170|Awful film with boring old Mel Gibson. Historically inaccurate. Only good thing is the actor who plays King Edward 1st. 
5|21037|Oh, c'mon, man! Like there's a better one?
5|17585|Godard's visionary film. The seminal New Wave flick.
5|4808|My favorite Disney movie, along with Lilo & Stitch. I remember seeing it in theatres all the way back in December 2001, it is hilarious!
1|6230|I agree with the squeamish feeling, this movie offends any person with knowledge of actual history. The only person who could enjoy this movie would be somebody who could enjoy Nazi propaganda from World War II. It is that objectionable and disgusting.
5|15392|This is the best movie that I've seen since John Singleton's Boyz N The Hood. If you're into hip-hop/ghetto dramas, this is a must-see. I also recommend Dangerous Minds, Colors, and Boyz N the Hood.
1|17072|Hopefully they cannot find any more pieces of crap by Stanley Kubrick. As always, this one is junk like the rest of his movies. I do not recommend it to anyone, it will just leave you feeling empty and bad....
5|1970|Amazingly charismatic work by Nicholson. Legendary script by Robert Towne. Classic downer ending by Roman Polanski. Irresistable. One caveat: this is not a movie for idiot couch potatoes. You have to pay attention to this one. The information is not spoon fed to you.
5|14932|Reading everyones comments about the Patriot. I feel some was right and wrong about the movie. All I could say about the movie, it has spoken well. To show us all what really happen durring the war. I feel that the character Col. Travington was only doing his duty and also showing his true feelings about the war. I thought that this movie was very emotional. Sure the british soldier was wrong about burning the church with innocent folks, but who was higher in rank to stop him from burning innocent folks. So I say it was the Gerneral's fault who allow him to do what he was good at a evil valiant . But this is only a movie and I feel Jason Isaacs has perform very well and I hope he got paid good, for his work.
5|6979|The only funny Matthew Broderick movie I've ever seen.
5|23146|Definitely one of the best childrens movies ever made. A strong female character that uses logic, wits, and courage to overcome adversity and make true friends.
5|8954|One odd movie, but I like the part with the parting of the red SOUP!
1|11365|I saw a sneak preview of What A Girl Wants, and here is my review. This film contains the usual plot of girl wants to reunite with her birth father. In this case, the father lives in a posh mansion in England, and the girl is coming from a hip community in America. She meets dad, wins his trust, falls in love with another boy, gets into a catfight with the boy's other girlfriend, and the film is over. That is what to expect (mostly) from this film. Amanda Bynes should not have signed on to do this film, because it's even below HER (oh my god..did I just say that!). It's really that bad. It could've been better. It's not Amanda's fault though. It's the screenplay, and the material that the actors are given. Both Colin Firth and Kelly Preston aren't given adequate screen time to make their cases, so it seems like a one-dimensional storyline for Amanda's character. Plus, the storyline wanders off far too many times, and there are a few too many limp one liners that could make everyone in the audience nauceous! The boy-meets-girl storyline may appeal to teenage girls, but the rest does not click. What A Girl Wants isn't.
5|13085|I rented this movie last night and watched it with a friend, and we were moved to tears at many points, we felt the pain of the victims, we felt the hatred of their adversaries. I don't understand the raters on here who insist on making this an Oscar or a religious issue. For God's sakes, these were real human beings, regardless of what religious, political, or ethnic background you have. These people suffered and that suffering was portrayed in a fair and painful light. I am not personally Jewish, but nor am I blind to what happened before and during WWII. I cannot believe that some people would twist a beautiful, moving, inspiring film into a political and religious outrage! So Spielberg got an Oscar -- so what? After watching this film, I think he damn well deserved it.
1|2730|ok the actresses are very cheap looking in both movies!!!!
5|21989|This movie has it all! As the wise, old storyteller says, it has everything from wash buckling, sword fighting adventure, to true love. It is a powerful story of the bond of love between a boy and a girl and their unshakable quest to protect it. The villains are humorously ludicrous and the movie's tongue-in-cheek humor will keep you interested.
5|232|This film started a highly emotionally charged, long running sexual affair. The theme of the soundtrack alone is still enough to send shivers up any spine. Easily confused with Rob Roy for anyone who has no real knowledge of Scotland, and definitely preferred by those who like to revel in their fantasies. Well scored battle scenes.
5|21751|A excellently produced closer to possibly the greatest movie trilogy to ever exist. Just like the first two, The Return of the King has all around great acting, beautiful scenery, one of the best adaptation screenplays ever written, and A+ editing. This is one movie, just like the entire trilogy, that was meant to be seen on the big screen.
1|20190|Let's get real, folks: This may be a trendy cult favorite, but as strictly a horror movie, it sucks. Bad.
5|6951|Best movie for great laughs.
1|5077|Totally uneven and boring movie.
5|5280|loved it seen it many times since i first saw it and plan to see it again
5|3829|Excellent special effects! I can't wait for Part III!
5|20467|Since this is about sharks, You know I'm going to be lovin' it!
5|21779|This film is fantastic! It betters the first one which is hardly possible. The actors are magnificent and the special effects in the battle scenes are worth taking many double takes. A trumph for film-making even if it fudges on Tolkien's version a little.
5|18846|An excellent movie about an American who takes a trip to England and gets turned into a werewolf, and the action never really seemed to stop. One of the few werewolf movies out there that is actually excellent. All the actors did an excellent job and I would even almost go as far as saying there were some Oscar worthy performances going on...EXCELLENT ! A must see if you haven't already.
1|8235|This movie, although many thought it was very funny, I felt it was stupid and Ben Stiller is incredibly annoying.
5|4820|awesome movie. outstanding vocal preformance by john goodman and david spade. very funny. good for all ages. it was type funny son.
5|24167|the movie was really good fun watching and i can watch it as many times i want to.. it had all the aspects for a good movie..bruse willis acted really well and even liv tyler and ben affleck were good.the whole cast did a good job in doing this movie..good story.it was a million times better than deep impact..bruce willis rules
5|13913|This movie includes one of the great court scenes ever done in a movie. I'm can handle the truth: this movie was fantastic.
5|22516|I'm definitely a sci-fi fan. Think Blade Runner paved the way for a new frontier in special effects.
5|1958|Very good film. Great acting on all sides and a wonderful job of scaring you (for once) without cutting things open left and right. They scare you with the fear of what might happen, by playing on your mind by drawing it out. Now that's horror/thriller.
1|16350|The Passion of The Christ is like a religious version of the Texas Chain Saw massacre. Its a cute trick by Mel Gibson to use blood and gore to create a controversy and line his pockets at the same time. I am sure he is grinning ear to ear and laughing all the way to the bank.
5|22502|The director's cut has the better end. Every movie featuring the cars hovering at verying levels robbed this one. The turmoil Ford's character is dealing with internaly is as interesting as the physical fights. It's style and vision have been more influential on subsequent films than any of the Star Wars serials.
1|15881|I hated this movie, it was so boring. Way overrated.
5|19594|I LOVE this movie. It was so scary! When you watch a movie you pay money to watch it, you want to feel like that movie was worth the time and money. This movie is worth it!!
5|4834|I assume they are talking about the original. Great movie. I loved as a kid watching them with all of the animals, and when they defended themselves against the pirates in the end.
5|568|This is a throwback to the 50s and 60s.One can almost imagine Humphrey Bogart in this. Bryan Singer did an excellant job with this movie. One of my all time favorites this should have taken the Oscar for best picture.Twisting and turning constantly this is a movie that gets better with repeated viewings.
1|22793|I joyfully pass on all the Potter garbage, books and movies.
5|5294|Greatest family film.
5|11876|funny. helen hunt was the best part of it though
1|7674|TOO CORNY FOR ME.
1|3412|Have you ever seen such decent special effects ruined by such awful acting? Don't make a historical film if you are going to turn it into a cheesy romance film. . .doesn't Hollywood have more respect for old veterans? Typical Hollywood shlock- overhyped, overdone, overacted. A real dissapointment.
5|6945|Funny, funny, funny! I love this classic movie. Puns here, there, everywhere. Everything is taken to the extreme- and beyond.
5|8968|Jim Carrey does it again! Hysterical, witty and it does not get boring! One of my favorites!
5|14259|An emotional, moving film with a superb performance by Tom Hanks as a gay lawyer with AIDS. I loved the way that the movie brought rebuke and scorn to the ignorant homophobics and the damage they can cause to the emotional systems of homosexuals (and some heterosexuals). Throughout the entire movie, I was rooting for Tom Hanks' character to win the fight. A must-see film for everyone, especially the homophobics; a good deal of them need to realize that what they do and say to gays is a mental stab in the back. I can see why Tom Hanks won an Oscar for his performance...one of my all-time favorite movies. Take care, everyone!
5|22933|Arguably one of Stanley Kubrick's most exciting movies, a Clockwork Orange violently takes on the ideas of morality and sensitivity. While the obscene scenes (which helped to ban the movie for a couple of decades) show how the main character becomes too sensitive to like crime and rape, the viewer becomes desensitized, and vice versa. This movie also shows how evil impulses transcends who people seem to be.
5|6212|An excellent, dark and intriguing film, with a bravura performance by Welles as Harry Lime. Brilliant cinematography.
1|18194|How can this rate higher than the 1974 original? Have fans of this remake even SEEN the 1974 version? That version is a drive-in classic, a real product of its time----graphic without being in-your-face, gritty, darkly funny, beautifully shot and edited. The viewer actually feels "dirty" after watching it. The remake is none of the above--just exploitation. Heck, I'll take the Renee Zellweger "remake" from 1994 over this thing. 
5|17750|Wow...to this day this movie sends chills down my spine...I remember when it was first released and I saw it...Halloween for me after that was never quite the same! The first and best in the slasher series of films that came out in the late 70's and 80's, this is the classic and best in that genre of horror. The brilliance here is that we never see Michael Myers real face...we as the audience are allowed to be in his character when the camera wears his mask and we are looking out of two eyes...and this is one movie where the music adds so much to the feel and tension of the action. Like most horror movies, there is some predictability...like how there are a certain number of disposable characters who you know are just going to end up at the wrong place at the wrong time. This was the best of the group of Halloween movies...the others that followed were horrible...
5|2074|Very good movie, although I haven't really seen it in awhile, it had everything...suspense, action, drama and all that.
5|18305|Definately a classic horror movie ! I remember falling totally in love with Johnny Depp after seeing him in this flick. 1,2, Freddy's coming for you.....3,4 better lock the door......5,6 get a crucifix....7,8 better stay up late.....9,10...never sleep AGAIN !
5|84|One of the greatest actors of our time coupled with one of the greatest murder mysteries of our time. Add in the intellect of Hannibal Lecter and you have a "can't miss" thriller!
5|20842|This movie is everything...and all that jazz! Renee Zellweger is cute, Catherine Zeta-Jones is hot hot hot, Richard Gere is handsome, John C Reily is creepy, and Queen Latifah brings down the house!
5|4363|Took the family to see Shrek last weekend; what a great family movie. The producers and writers really did a good job of combining some adult level thinking with a child targeted story line that kept us all interested and laughing. There are lots of jabs at Disney and others that make some of the adult humor clean and enjoyable. I m not a big Eddie Murphy or Myers fan but thought they did an excellent job of vocally creating their characters. There are a few unnecessary words here and there but they seemed to pasts quicker than the kids could pick up. I would highly recommend the movie for any family outing. Hats off to DreamWorks for a job well done.
5|11447|The best movie ever besides Forrest Gump! I loved it. Although it's not for everyone, people who enjoy comedy like Monty Python and Garden State will love it! Go Tina the Llama!
5|16328|Noone moved in the theatre when the movie ended. Everyone was so quiet. It was like a morgue. Anyway, they were so quiet. Mel Gibson did an awesome job on this movie. The blood was there for a reason. It is there to portray the truth about how much pain and suffering Jesus went through to dye for us. Mel Gibson was awesome in this movie.
5|21584|They could have butchered this film, but I am relieved to find that Peter Jackson found competant actors to bring this story to life. There are two great things about this movie. One is Ian McKellan's Gandalf, who is absolutely brilliant and was shafted for best supporting actor. The other great thing about the movie was the suspense and fear it created. In short they did evil right. Kudos to all those involved. I loved every second. 
5|15621|I really loved this movie. I had heard some criticism that the supporting characters were more dynamic than Ada and Inman, but to be fair, Ada and Inman are reserved and introverted people. I had also heard that the Southern accents were not that good, but I did not think they were really that bad. Jude Law portrayed Inman as a strong but silent type, who will stop at nothing to be reunited with his sweetheart. What woman wouldn't want a lover as devoted and romantic as Inman? Nicole Kidman did not stretch herself as she did in The Hours. Ada came off as a bit too delicate and ephemeral, but perhaps we were seeing her through Inman's eyes, whose perception of his ladylove was very idealized. Renee Zellweger chewed the scenery as the capable Ruby, who helped Ada revitalize her farm and avoid starvation. Philip Seymour Hoffman was masterful as the lecherous preacher, and I believe if he had had a few more scenes he would have been nominated for a well-deserved Best Supporting Actor award. I imagine we are going to see a lot more of this gifted character actor. I agree with previous reviewers that the cinematography was gorgeous;although Cold Mountain was filmed in Romania, that pristine, mountainous country looks like North Carolina. Finally, I am glad I chose Cold Mountain as a birthday present for myself; it makes an excellent addition to my growing DVD collection.
5|13250|The movie was entertaining and held the audience's attention. The movie was realistic in today's society. The movie had a good storyline. I would recommend the movie for every age group.
1|3823|Gave it 10 minutes that is all I needed!!! Don't bother!!! I didn't need to see anymore to be able to tell that it sucked!
5|15635|This movie shows that anything can happen to any1 with perserverance 
5|13244|Wow. Dustin Hoffman did an excelent job. This is another actor who can be whatever he wants to be. Wasn't it he who dressed up as a woman for one of his movies? That's what I admire most about the guy. He can switch from one character to another so easily. I think this movie really showed his talent to the public. Wonderful, wonderful. P.s.-Edward Norton can do an excelent immitation of Dustin Hoffman in the Rain Man ... 
5|6560|One of my favorite movies. Jim was so nice to plato, and I cried at the end when Plato got shot.
1|3837|Wretched.
5|17022| I think people went to see this movie expecting too much. This is not ment to be deep in any respect. It is a funny warped look at the 80's yuppie life style. I found this movie to be a well made masterpeice of the strange and macabre. It was interesting how greed and materialism can make you completely disconnected from those around you to the point of homicide. This film is ment to be taken as a very dark very tounge in cheek comedy. I thought the threesome scene with Sussudio playing in the background was classic. My friends and I laughed about that all night and is to this day a great source of amusement and an inside joke. If it is deep at all it succeds in showing how deep the depths of shallowness are. I am a fan of the book and an even greater fan of the movie. Christian Bale was perfect for the role and did a masterful job at what he did. I highly recommend it for its brilliant humor. Deffinatly a movie for those with a taste for morbid humor. 
5|18311|i love this movie very very scary freddie gives the creeps but he also makes me laugh ive seen this lts of times
1|8962|Jim Carey is not a good actor, and this movie is unadulterated trash. The plot is pointless and full of childish one liners and simple comedy for simple minded folks. Morgan Freeman as God is one of the few bright points in this banal piece of trash.
5|4377|I felt like giving this movie a four or three star rating until I really thought about it. What was wrong with The Goonies? It has to be one of the most entertaining family films ever made. I watched this movie a couple days ago at Glorybox's house and I remember how great this movie actually is. Even if this movie is kind of dark and sinister it has an overall fun and good humored vibe to it. I remember watching it when I was really young and not really getting alot of it. It might confuse or scare some younger viewers. I wouldn't consider this a childrens movie. More of a comedy with its heart in the right place. What I found refreshing about this movie when I watched it the other day was the rather pleasent lack of ass jokes. No farts,no rectal cavity mishaps, it was great! Something the whole family can watch without haveing to see something take a sh*t! Anyway, anyone who has or hasn't seen this see it again...for the first time. (Wow. My hokeyness amazes even me sometimes.) HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
5|20856|One of the best rockumentaries ever done. Great music throughout (excepting fat old Hawkins, but I guess he had to be in there, and that pukey and untalented N. Diamond), well edited and paced. The on-screen interviews of Robertson, Helm, Danko, Manuel and Hudson were pretty unenlightening (not the most talkative or extroverted crew, and perhaps they were laced with something powerful at the time), but this film is a time capsule of the mid-1970s, in terms of the fashions and style of that era. This was sorta the Twilight of the Counterculture, the truly last great gathering of the rockers of the 1960s captured on film. Less than a year after this film was released, the Punk/New Wave era was ushered in and a new pop culture dominant was on top. It's sad to watch this film today and realize that Danko and Manuel are dead and Helm has been silenced by throat cancer.
5|11453|best movie i ever saw funny as hell you must see it
5|3418|the first hour of this movie i couldnt stand its glamorized romance depiction ( snuggling on rocks overlooking an amazing coastline ). But throughout the movie i became more and more interested and hooked on it. It had magnificant battling and a fantastic ending. I liked it more than i thought i would while watching it after it ended.
5|1569|My favourite movie of all time! Johnny Depp is the perfect person to play Jack Sparrow! (oh pardon, CAPTAIN Jack Sparrow) It fab!
5|13522|Theme is about how everyone has their own sense of what finding beauty in life entails. The film illustrates that the traditional model of American beauty -- a nice home with your family in the suburbs -- can be a shallow facade and not as fulfilling as it appears. The theme suggests that deviating from glorified suburban ideals (by taking a fast food job, dating someone younger, befriending a misfit, being mistaken as gay, etc.) will bring you fierce recrimination, yet may be the only way for some to discover true happiness in life. The movie wasn't designed to be an uplifting crowd pleaser, as much as one that provokes with its message. While I was uncomfortable watching the movie at times, it was intriguing and affecting enough for me to want to view many key scenes a second time immediately afterward. As the movie states, where some might just see an empty bag floating in the wind, another might see beauty.
5|9135|Funny. This movie is a must see!
5|22927|my second favorite movie of all time and what a great one! wonderfully twisted, smart, and funny. I love the irony(violence mixed with a happy song). they may have over done it with the nudity but that doesn't matter. great acting. this movie is mispercieved by many people, the main idea about this movie is that society wants us to be machines but they have to remember that we are still human, that's what the title is about. one of the best movies of all time.
1|18180|This movie is just not scary.
5|15153|cruise and crowe could become the stewart/capra of their generation.
5|19741|I loved it..plus Jonathan Cherry is in it and i love that canadian!!!
5|16472|i love it. it was awonderful movie it gave new life to the story.
5|2048|This is a really really good movie. You don't know what is going to happen. You might be able to predict a few parts but others completely blow you away. I would of never thought the ending would be the way it was. It was really really good.
1|16185|'Gangs of New York' is probably one of the most disappointing films I've seen in my entire life. Epic? Lawrence of Arabia is epic. 'Gangs of New York' is just long, as far as I can tell, with a few historical sidebars thrown in here and there to flesh out an otherwise rambling and somewhat pointless story. This was a fascinating time in our history, no doubt about it. But with the facts and dates all re-arranged and the main story boiled down to a simple revenge tale... I'm just not sure what Scorsese is getting at. While the turf war theme certainly plays into our current and horrifying political situations, that alone doesn't make me feel anything for these characters. Daniel Day Lewis does a fantastic job, no question. And Leo isn't half bad either. But with a couple of terrible musical choices (ending with a U2 song? It's the 1800's, for the love of pete!) and no discernable visual style (it seems Scorsese said all he needed to say about fighting in 'Raging Bull'. You'll only get warmed over Braveheart fighting here), this movie became my least favorite of Scorsese's otherwise brilliant career.
5|7130|Undeniably the funniest most brilliantly made comedy , and no not just spoof, i said best comedy ever made. Even though with its racist humor and extremely offensive dialogue, everyone can find room to laugh at this one.
1|20437|I recenty went to see Blair Witch 2 . It was so stupid. I liked the first one but this one totaly SUCKED. The begining was really good. But only like the first five minuets. I really hated it and would NOT recomend it to anyone.
1|11832|one of the worst movies i've ever seen
5|7656|This movie is great if you want to watch a film to make you chuckle (particulalry if you've seen many of the Brit spy film like James Bond, the Ipcress Files etc). It doesn't really engage your brain but then does every film have to be heavy and intellectual?
5|8565|I love this movie. I can't think of the main charters name but she is bomb.
5|6548|This is one of the best classical movies ever. It feautures an all-star performance by Robert Mithcum who is definitely at his creepiest. It also stars film legend Gregory Peck, along with Telly Savalas, and Martin Balsam. It has loads of suspense and some of the best acting ever filmed. This film is a definite must see, for all movie fans, young or old.
5|1227|Yet again, another film by Tarintino seeping with style and finesse. His editing and storylines are absolutely seamless - he effortlessly moves the plot from the past to the present, from one characters perspective to another to the point where its a work of art. And Samuel Jackson just radiates cool.
5|18339|It is a horror and it has Johnny Depp in it! What more can you ask for in a film! I mean hes just the KING of films. He aint just a hunk but hes great at acting too! Christina Ricci is alright in it (bitch!) abd I love Johnny Depp's glasses/goggle things!
5|5041|I love the dog with no spots Oddball she was a cute dog. It was good but I wonder how the owner got dipstick you know the little doggie from the 1st one.
5|16314|Very powerful movie that sent a powerful message. I'll admit it was very gorey, but Gibson did that for a reason to give people the full affect. Scripture said he was beaten worse than any man had ever had.
5|10771|Sexy, Smashing, Ausome!
5|3424|Pearl Harbor is a wonderfuly diveloped movie. It isn't very historicly correct. True the raid was kind of historicly correct. But everything else wasn't. I must say it is very nice - computer animation wise. There was lots of gore and the arizona sceens looked very real. I totaly reccommend watching the movie.
5|16300|I thought this film was very beautifully filmed, very simplistic and very, very good. As some of you may know, I'm not a religious person, but I did appreciate this film. To anyone who thinks that subtitles are distracting - you are missing out on a wealth of fantastic foreign films, unless you can withstand disgustingly bad dubbing with horrible voiceovers. I think one of the reasons why I like this film is because it wasn't screaming at people to believe in Jesus and God. It was just simply saying 'this is what this man suffered and he took it on'. It could have been rounded out a bit better, but the essence of the story is there. The scenes of him being whipped and nailed to the cross were convincing and certainly made me wince. Hats off to Mel Gibson, he could have gone over-the-top and made it longer than 2 hours and far more intense, but he kept it in line and I definately do not regret having this in my DVD collection.
1|20345|What the hell were they thinking??? I saw this movie assuming I would get to see Myers in action.Instead I get a stupid movie about halloween masks and the most annoying count down to Halloween ever!
5|8571|Really funny. I loved it.
5|13278|Just after the opening scene of this movie you can already tell this is a much larger scale W W 2.Great acting with an all star cast; this movie puts you in the middle of one of the most traject days in American History, D-Day. After the whtie nuckly twenty minutes of that day on the beach Cp. John Miller is orderd to find and bring home a Prt. james Ryan. a squad of eight men set out though the German invested country of France they start to doubt there mission and if this Ryan is still alive. Going though the toughest struggle they have ever gone though they begin to doubt thereselves and if Saving Private Ryan is worth it. A masterpiece of a movie, Definately one of Speilsbergs best
1|18802|I just watched this movie last night. Way too much hype; even my friend at Blockbuster recommended it to me. I watched the little girl that was in the movie on Fox in the Morning and even she laughed when the interviewer seemed surprised that her mom let her watch it because it was supposed to be so scary. I may be in the minority here, but I have to agree with Axelrod2003. Can someone tell me where the scary part was? I also agree with BigBaby. The ending totally sucked. Too many unanswered questions and pieces that didn't fit together. It seemed as though the director had several ideas going at once and couldn't decide which direction to go. A very sad disappointment but if you want to watch it just to say you watched it, go for it. It is your money.
5|1233|Samuel Jackson is the best thing that happend to this movie. This movie doesn't get boring, the action and comedy are superb, John Travolta is very good himself.
5|14271|A very good movie. The first time I watched it I didn't get it. I watched it again and listened to an interview of Ed Norton, and Brad Pitt, then I began to get it. Since then I've probably watched it two or 3 more times and pick up more and more each time. It's a brilliant film. How I didn't see it from the beginning I don't know. The twists and turns this movie take. It really makes you pay attention and think, it's not a movie that you can flip back and forth to or watch while you're doing something else. Ed Norton-a fantastic actor. Brad Pitt-more than just a pretty face. I like to watch this when I'm alone so there are no distractions. 
1|16191|If you ever want to watch a movie that isn't good at all, I recommend Lost in Translation. I heard great things about this movie, so I grabbed a six-pack and sit on the couch and watched this. The six-pack was priceless compared to this crappy movie (and it was cheap beer). I have apologized to my DVD player every since for making it play such garbage. p.s.- Sorry DVD player.
1|4802|Now, this is the type of film that caused Disney and I to part company until they redeemed themselves with the likes of The Lion King . I might have stayed loyal longer had they not insulted my intelligence with this kind of simplistic tripe. The Love Bug was one of several Disney films that came across as very one-dimensional, lacked wit, flare and was just silly. I know it was a big hit in its day but, in my case anyway, it just joined the ranks of the quickly produced, lame-o post-Walt stuff you too often found occasionally being churned out by Disney apparently for no other reason than to make a quick buck. And, with their moola, history and resources they had no real excuse for this kind of thing.
5|9109|Classic 80s movie which I love
5|16466|I LOVED IT! I LOVE ALL THE MOVIES THAT DIRECTOR HAS DONE. BAZ IS AWESOME!
5|11309|Hey everyone! Well, despite what oodie had to say I think that Scooby Doo was great! And the kids in the audience were laughing quite histerically at the movie.. along with the adults. NO kid would rather the museum over Scooby Doo... I haven't watched the show in a long time and to go to the movies and see it was like seeing the cartoon characters in real life. The actors that partrayed these roles were great! I mean, like Matthew Lillard... I never was too big of a fan of his, but in this role he was hilarious!! I remember one part where he said something I found myself laughing for like 20 minutes ahahaha.. I would go se the movie again just for that part.. haha okay well anyways.. Freddie Prince Jr .. Whoa baby!! Even with blonde hair he is a sexy papa! And he was hilarious in this role too.. As were all of the actors.. Sarah Michelle Gellar was great! I found myself laughing at her lot.. She was adorable in her the little purple dress he wore, but nehoo!! The woman who playes Thelma was great! The movie was great! Whoa! I think I'm taking up too much space so I'm gonna go! If anyone is in the mood for a funny lil movie then I suggest go see this! :)
5|5733|Not as good as the book bet very well done.
1|15498|Dumb, dumb and dummer. Don't seem to see the director making anything these days so maybe there is some justice in the world. A rip-off, Super 35mm is just another version of the cheap Superscope that came out in the 1950's. Only good fim shoot in that process was Vera Cruz. 
5|17778|Man, this is an absolute classic. Michael Myers might be the best of the slashers. Very creepy soundtrack. They made quite a lot with very little.
5|742|A retake on the book classic and early original movie of the same name, Last of the Mohicans, is an engaging epic chronicaling the events of a Mohican, his natural son and adopted white son. This is an epic in its scope, soundtrack, acting, and setting: the French Indian War on the Eastern part of the North American continent.
5|21221|Forget the (quite typical)plot contrivances:here's another glorious winner for Astaire-Rogers fans to revel in.Peerless Jerome Kern score- The Way you look tonight,Pick yourself up,A Fine Romance..-and a stream of breathtaking dance routines,with Fred dazzling as ever and Ginger at her most radiant.The Never gonna dance sequence is for me the peak of their legendary partnership;not only sparkling,graceful and romantic,but also tremendously touching.Sublime moments that always leave me gulping.
5|5900|They don't come much better than this.Amazing to think,given the film's now soaring reputation,that Vertigo was generally passed over,and Hitch not even Oscar-nominated,when it was first released.It has so much depth,rewards repeated viewings;is loaded with typically fascinating psycho-sexual insights;beguilingly mysterious and sensuous;gorgeously photographed by Robert Burks;makes brilliant use of the San Francisco locations;Jimmy Stewart unusually ambiguous in surely his finest performance(as the phobic,increasingly obsessive ex-cop);innovative special effects;an audaciously premature revelation;superlative,expressive use of colour.A feast for the mind and senses:an artistic masterpiece and riveting entertainment!
1|1991|Was this supposed to be overflowing with suspense? *looks about* It's certainly overflowing with something, but suspense it is NOT.
5|15184|It was a romantic but yet realistic expression of love.
5|13293|Good enough to make you want to see to see it 10 times consecutively (if not more). Very sad movie. One of the saddest movies of all time. Tom Hanks did a really job at playing his character. See it as soon as possible.
5|9684|will ferrel RULES!
5|23350|wow this movie was just great. if you like the tv show then you will like this movie. it has dramma and action and advntur and roamnce and all the good stuff a movie should have. i have this movie on video and watch it so much. and i am still waiting for the sequel. you need to remeber the truth is out there. it really is.
5|7871|This is real comedy...
5|20881|I really enjoyed this movie. Having been boring in the 1980s, I of course, wasn't alive in the times of Richie Valens, but I enjoy seeing a film which traced his roots. Lou Diamond Phillips did a great job at bringing Richie back to life, and the rest of the cast did a great job as well. A lot of great music! It's so sad that Richie's life was cut so tragically short.
5|20659|Favorite moments: 1) Danny to Sandy (responding to her what have you been up to inquiry): You know how it is, ROCKIN and ROLLIN and whatnot. 2) the way Marty eyes Vic Fontain at the dance, 3) John Travolta pointing to the sky as he belts out a falsetto those summer NI-I-I-IGHTS atop the school bleachers, 4) Sandy in those crazy tight pants on the Shake Shack. WHAT A MOVIE!!!
5|47|One of my all-time favorites. I've watched it at least a dozen times. Harrison Ford does a perfect job as the adventurer archaeologist Indiana Jones who is in search of a very sacred religious artifact. Trouble is, the Nazi's are after it too. Anyway, this is one of the best movies I've ever seen.
5|20895| La Bamba is a great music movie. It's a fun movie to watch which depicts Richie Valentines career and life well. I like the way they had actors portraying the parts of other famous musicians Richie interacted with. The music in the movie was great.
5|11490|A sweet romantic comedy that uses wit and humour to create a universally appealing film. Not a sappy chick flick, and truly a funny comedy.
5|21553|I love when Frodo disappeared up the Ring!
5|10956|Hilarious romp that is part homage/part parody of the amusing sex comedies of the early 1960s. Great comedic peformances from all involved, a stylized appearance, and great jokes highlight this comedy.
5|53|This is definately the best action/adventure film of all time. Speilburg and Lucas are a great when teamed up and Harrison Ford is at his best. This is probably my favorite movie of all time. I love the scene where Indy chases the truck and rams nazis off the road.
5|7865|This movie is great. Helen Hunt and Jack Nicholson have great chemistry and Jack hits all of his lines perfectly. It keeps you very entertained.
5|9848|You will howl with laughter when Bill Murray runs over that kid's bike. . .one of the best comedies you've never seen. . .how can you not love a movie with a high-school kid doing his teenage version of 'Serpico' as the school play?
1|18625|Sucks!
1|18143|OMG, how can this movie possibly be tied in rating with the best scary movie ever The Exorcist? I swear to god this is the worst horror flick I have ever watched in my life. The whole movie I was expecting something to freak me out... but IT NEVER CAME!!! HORRIBLE!!!
5|12827|A very fine film about a true American genius, one of the greats of jazz history. What a strange character!!! But what a magnificent musician...
5|17787|The slow, certain build up to Jack's insanity is great. The scene with the little girls haunted me for weeks after I first saw it. And don't go in room 237.
1|12308|Extremely terrible movie is what describes 'Soul Plane'. It was not only because of the lack of a real plot, nor was it the fact that the cast could not act if their lives depended on it; it was the fact that the movie was plain DUMB. It was not funny, whatsoever. And everyone ought to be insulted by this horrific piece of trash as it plays to the worst possible stereotypes often attributed to minorities, especially African Americans. This was an embarrassment to all of moviedom. Period.
5|5914|When you really sit down and think about the subject, this one will eventually show up in anyone's Top Twenty. Dated? Here and there, but not where it counts most. Don't let the lack of color throw you, either; it's shot with that almost-FRANKENSTEIN air of dread and chilling backlighting that lends revulsive suspense to what should be a loony romp (adding to its unique nature). A wonderful cast, with Cary Grant at his manic best as a turncoat bachelor who spends a wearisome day dealing with his hesitant fiancee, two mentally-cracked aunts with a penchant for serving tainted elderberry wine, a brother with Presidential identity problems, and the return of the psychotic Prodigal (played with gruesome gusto by Ray Massey). Along with a supporting cast that includes Peter Lorre as reluctant henchman Dr. Einstein and Western saddletramp bit player Jack Carson as a dimwitted would-be playwright cop, you'll find that murder and madness have never been funnier (how Grant gets his brother to sign himself into the Happydale Rest Home is a legendary twist of linguistics that even impresses the harried Police Chief). The spacious set (a tip of the hat to its Broadway origins) ties the action (!) together and keeps its audience involved. A 40s scream that plays well to this day.
5|16499|I love the modern twist on the play! This is one of the most visually pleasing movies i've ever seen. I love the artsy feel.
1|16146|This is the most disgusting movie I have ever seen! Talk about blood and guts! It's only slightly less boring than Matrix . Come on, 4 guys go out to get some gold from the Iraqies...how can you possibly make a story out of this? No plot whatsoever!
1|19275|Get this movie off the scary movie list please. Its a mystery, not a horror flick. Plus the movie really blows. I wouldnt watch this movie again if someone gave me $40 bucks.
1|24692|Terrible, terrible, terrible. It should be called Shakin' Bacon, because it is all about Kevin! And no way could Elizabeth Shue save her boyfriend by using a burning barrel.
1|14751|suck
5|2935|I just saw it a few hours ago, and I thought it was brilliant. Sure some of the scenes were a little iq less ? I was sitting on the edge of my seat for 2/10's of the movie, and I never sit on the edge of my seat ! I have never seen big waves in the ocean and I felt like I was right there. The only real problem I had was the sound track... they could have had another Titanic soundtrack with the romance...they blew that...now there are no songs I can listen to, to remind me of the movie, ugh . I liked it and I am sure I will see it on video 2-3 more times. 
1|13758|Another boring, sleepy, profanity-laced, headache drama with no light moments and no happy ending.
5|20665|Grease was a fun movie to watch. I loved the music and dancing in it.
1|22585|I really wasn't impressed with this.. Ok, fantastically done action scenes with amazing special effects. And that is it really. You can tell this film is centered around Arnie and it really doesn't pay off. The script was bitty and this film was no-where near as thought provoking as the previous two. A massive disappointment.
5|15806|How nice to see a really great movie that has someone in it who is allowed to be spiritual. It is a great love story of blossoming romance between teenagers - a preacher's daughter and a somewhat wild guy. Shane West and Mandy Moore were excellent.
5|24403|I just finished studying the theory of Evolution in my Earth Science class. I found this movie to be pretty funny although it doesn't quite relate to the actual scientific theory of Evolution. You have to give credit to the actors(actress) for portraying the characters in comic roles. Plus what more could you ask from a movie, David Duchovny, Orlando Jones, Sean William Scott, and Julie Ann Moore. To see such awsome actors(actress) in the same movie is a rare sight. This is one of the only movies that has that.
5|22072|Every time I watch this movie I see some thing new. Keanu, who is not my favortie actor, does a good job in this. He will always be Theodore Logan to me. The rest of the cast is excellent and the effects are spectacular. If you have been living in a cave you have to see this movie it is awesome. Looking forward to the sequals. Update: Well the sequals were a bit of a bust but the original still holds up.
1|20392|Oh Snoop Dogg. You are no Whitney Houston. You're not even the Spice Girls. You are just one horrid actor. Bones is basically the same exact film as Blacula , but instead it has a rap soundtrack and is set today. Dogg is horrible in the title role, and his female co-stars provide nothing. Eeek.
5|7695|mike myers is a comedic genius and that equals non-stop laughs. everything from her name is alotta. alotta fagina, to ill-tempered, mutated sea bass is great humour.
5|23378|One of the better movies I've seen in a long time. Great acting, great story. Need to see it a few more times to really understand it. 
5|22066|you don't know science fiction until you have watched the matrix.
5|7681|Incredibly funny spoof of the James Bond films. Introduces you to some funny characters and shows you some of the tired old coincidences that are in the James Bond movies.
1|20386|This movie was very stupid. I did not understand it. They had dolls having sex, and it was just a plain terrible movie.
5|4388|I think this one is better than the first! It's adult humor and funny charectors kept my family laughing to the end!
5|20671|Classic film making. Nothing offensive or violent. Catchy music, just feel good all the way. If your into gritty reality, this is NOT the flick for you. If you just want to be entertained and have fun, this is the cream of the crop. I first saw it when I was about 9 years old and tole my Mom I was going to marry Julie Andrews when i grew up. She didn't wait for me, though. Julie, if you're reading this, I still love you, babe!!! You are one of my favorite things!!!!
1|22591|t3 was a joke. Did they writers even watch the first two movies?? They butchered the storyline, and ruined the trilogy. The previous movies were serious, with some comedy...this was a comedy with bad graphics. Graphics are suppose to make things LOOK more real, not totally abstract. (see T2 idiots) I think T2 graphics were much better....and the sound....bad sound....what happened to NO FATE BUT WHAT WE MAKE....the future isn't written???? then why the hell does J Conner have a solemate. What a joke. This isn't another stupid chosen one movie, where the he is destined to glory, he just happens to be the one who saves the day in the end. He isn't a jesus figure....writters took stuff from the Matrix storyline and thrusted it into a much more complex story. T1 and T2 had a story, a good story, with significant action scenes and a plot. YES, PLOT. The amount of crap that was shoved into T3 complicated the movie, I don't even know exactly what happened. People don't need none stop action, T2 fans liked the story, not just effects. AND, the effects were actually good, not a joke. I still don't know how SKYNET was built despite the work of Dyson In short, T3 was a comedy, with no story, no acting, no sound , and no legitimate connection to the previous movies. I have so much respect for James Cameron that I never knew.
5|3381|Very Freaky!
5|21209|I love musicals about earlier time periods, like Oliver! is from. I like kids and they're so cute. I also like Annie and in a way, Oliver is similar. The 19th century always has intrigued me.
5|22700|I went to the theater expecting a total bomb but after the two hours I actually thought the movie was worth watching. Wolverine actually made the whole movie. It is worth watching.
1|19261|verry dumb
1|4786|ok, usualy i like kid movie's just as much as little kids. i am 15 years old, and i didnt like the movie at all. i tohught maybe it was just me b/c im to old 4 the movie so the boy i babysitted(4 or 5) also didnt like it. the only thing that confuses me is my 19 year old brother loved it!
5|7078|This is absolutely one of the all-time classic comedies. True brilliance. It is best to watch with a group of friends who can quote all the good lines!
5|13442|This was an amazing movie. The impossible now seems possible because this movie shows a retarded man able to make it. This shows that we are all able to make it and that nothing's ever too late or too bad. It's a movie that definitely gives hope.
5|6366|A very entertaining movie. Has a few bumps but is still a fine effort. It tells an interesting story and doesn't have that typical good guy wins ending.
5|22847|what a beautiful movie. it's as fun as a movie like 'goonies' but a lot more intelligent. it's a vehicle for any kid's dreams; finding out one day you have magic powers, and getting whisked away from your humdrum life, to a world where everyone's on awe of you, and adventure and intrigue are everywhere. visually, it's perfect. the characters are totally believable, considering the unreality of their situations. i haven't read the books, but the number one complaint i hear from those who have is that too many of the details and the nuances that make rowlings such a great writer don't reach the screen, but i understand that what is there is totally faithful to the novels, and it was more than enough for me. the quidditch match has been compared to the pod race in star wars ep 1, and while i'm a die hard star wars fan, i think it's loads better. a must see.
5|1409|True Lies was very unexpectedly excellent. I don't like Arnold but I think he did an AWESOME job and Jamie lee Curtis, for an old woman she has a great body.
5|12984|Even when I only catch the end of this movie on television I am brought to tears. The picture does an amazing job of developing characters you believe in and rally for. I was won over despite the violence and would love to see the entire movie again!
5|17624|excellent movie with brillant and entertaing comedy. awesome soundtrack and i just love the aussie accents. great cast and an aborably realistic and touching storyline. tre bien!
5|4571|What a delightful,heartwarming tale,about the adorable little Australian piglet who enjoys talking with the other farmyard animals,rounds up the sheep,and saves his(and his owner's) bacon.This is one film for all the family that will surely remain a much-loved classic for generations to come.
5|21396|Empire is the best of the Star Wars Trilogy 
5|4217|greatest childrens movie EVER and i need just one word. SCRAT!(and its not that bad to watch if you are an adult as well. Just ask me)
5|2666|Angie Jolie Kicks Ass In This Movie! It ROX!! :)
5|13324|This movie was great, but a little too gory. It depicted the war and the issue of trust and backstabbing very well. I usually don't like this kind of movie, but I loved this one.
1|19498|afauwl terrible acting poorly scripted wierd mood messy dericting rip off of friday the 13th strang corny feel boring weird strange ending this has got to be one of the worst horror movies i have ever seen
1|16973|Pathetic, especially with that stupid Penelope Cruz in it.
5|9727|When I first watched the MASH series, I was bored. But once you get into it, it is really good. The movie is no exception. It has a very happy ending.
5|13330|Probably my favorite movie of all time up to now. A great plot, set in WWII and an off the hook cast. Not to mention the design and production. Stephen Speilberg keeps on impressing.
5|6414|The sleekiest of film noirs and deliciously twisted all the way to the end, an excellent mystery. Gene Tierney (Laura) is Beautiful.
5|15999|wonderful
1|16967|Couldn't hardly follow this movie. Made no sense whatsoever
5|16248|This is a classic story of a young man coming of age. I remember watching this as a young kid and remembering how dirty I thought it was. It definately shows how the morality of films has declined over the years, this would be a Disney movie had it come out today.
5|20922|A must see,once in a lifetime,cinematic masterpiece.
5|4203|Yet again - another one that made me cry. Billy Crystal is absolutely hilarious in this and the character who looks like the librarian reminds me of the grandmother in 'Dinosaurs' (don't know if anyone remembers that show) its very sweet and the little girl is absolutely adorable. I want a monster in my closet! 
5|10639|Terrific movie. The best teen movie since Clueless.
5|187|I thought BRAVEHEART was by far one of the best movies I've seen and is in my opinon one of the best films of the decade.the cinematogrophy was one of it's weak pionts; but the acting was ecellent.Mel Gibson did a great job, though I would not recommend it to who has trouble watching war like movies do to it's graphic content. Otherwise amazing story, great acting and truly inspirational
5|18265|This is another one of those movies that I am not too sure why I like so much. And then I look as Jason Patric (not now..see Speed 2? No? I didn't think so) and all becomes clear. Seriously, though, this movie is really, very enjoyable. It's scary, but not too scary, dark, but not too dark. It's like baby bear's porridge: just right.(I apologize for the terrible comparison.) It should be appreciated not only for the surprisingly good acting (which is crazy not only because this is an eighties movie, but because it is also a horror movie as well.) but for it's originality. Most vampire movies are a dime a dozen *cough* John Carpenter's Vampires *cough* Forsaken (sorry, honey :*)*cough*, but the Lost Boys breathed new life into the floundering Vampire movie genre. I also like it because it doesn't drag on too long with those hated 'tenseful' violent death scenes. The vamps die and then we move on. Very healthy. And one would be remiss if one did not mention the lovely soundrack. The concert scene with the scary indian looking man has to be on of the most entertaining moments in the entire movie. And, although at times the songs are annoying, they are fun in that they offer a flash of nostalga and rememberance of good times. Okay, no, they are just really goofy, but sometimes that is the best approach. I only have really one kinda bad thing to say about this film. What is that ugly kid thing that Starr always has around? Apparently it is a boy, but lordy you could have fooled me. But in all, It's a classic.
5|2672|The movie was excellent. I have a BEEF with Mr. Bruckheimer, did he actually think car buffs would not notice that the resurrected ELEANOR is a Mercury Cougar XR7 and not even a STANG! Maybe he should hire someone with a little continuity. Still a good movie just disappointed about the ending.
5|17630|Fantastic sequel to Jean de Florette! Makes the first movie that much better.
5|4565|That'll do, pig...
5|839|I love this movie. I've watched it about three times. It was really great.
5|15027|In the movie girl interrupted . the movie was great. I saw that lisa is more like me in some ways and that what I want is for someone to tell me the truth, to care enough about me to tell me what everyone knows but is afraid to say.
5|9041|One of the funniest movies ever; along with one of the funniest scenes ever (fat guy in a little coat).
5|13456|A big sprawling historically relevant movie. From talking to people, it seems like this movie either touched you, or it didn't. I really, really liked the way the movie interspersed Forrest's tragic life with key events in American history.
5|12990|A CLASSIC TALE OF HUMAN ENDURANCE
5|14339|Morgan Freeman is always wonderful. This academy award winner is full of humanity -- what a nice change of pace from so much of Hollywood...
5|17618|This sweet and unassuming movie is the coming-of-age story of two gay working class teens from London's East End council flats. Believable and touching. It never preaches and doesn't grasp at gay cliches. The acting is first-rate from all the leads and the Mama Cass soundtrack is perfect.
5|811|This is the best movie I have seen that I will never watch again. I was so scared after this that for weeks I had to turn every light on when I walked through the house. I was living with my mom and her husband and on the walls were pictures of his family, so from those old pictures of the 20's where they were farmers and didn't smile. I just had a creepy feeling that I would bump into them.I loved the suprise ending that I had no clue of until the wife dropped the wedding band. I was pobably still crying when we were driving home from the theatre.
5|19635|Scared the crap out of me!
5|7044|Ferris Bueller's Day off is one of the besy movies about living life to its fullest.
5|8377|this movie is classic!
1|11946|Very funny bit by Hank Azaria as the French scuba instructor.. and Jennifer Aniston fine. Otherwise this thing reeks. Someone should stop Ben Stiller from making movies.
5|1435|A visual Masterpiece. Many of the actors smoked weed and dropped acid in order to really get into their roles. This movie has a gritty, surealistic feel that definitely benefits from the sacrifices and passion of Francis Ford Coppolla.
5|14477|this movie is so endearingly honest that you can tell cameron crowe is truly trying to get it all out and really express himself. i could really feel the amount of emotion he put into it, including his love of the rock and roll classics. it has an understated tone to it which is probably what i liked most about it.
5|1353|A must see for Tarantino fans and people who enjoy hilarious but off the wall sitcoms. A bank robbery gone bust-a rat-enjoy the bloodbath and witty comedy remarks.
5|13318|In the case of this film, the plot is not as realistic and extreme as the scenery, actions/words, and the truth to the era. I personally advise that non-WWII veterans see this movie, because possibly the acting and the backgrounds are so realistic that it could cause recurring bad or even traumatic memories to the viewer, and trigger unwanted emotions from that time in their lives that could send them into tears or fear. One good side is that it does a good job in showing just how incredibly influential WWII was, and it gives the viewer a good idea of the struggles, both military and personal. We, as Americans had to endure and win what could have been history's ultimate battle between good and evil.
5|12006|Chessy story but very hillarious! Anyone who has liked the movie Dumb and Dumberer or anyone that likes classic tv shows would like this comedy.
5|16260|Ralph Macchio kicks all kinds of 80's ass. Also, Mr. Miyagi played an integral role in the acceptance of asians in society today.
5|3550|A very good historic movie about one of the biggest submarines in the Soviet Army in the sixties
5|16274|Spike Lee has a masterpiece here. This movie has comedy, drama, sex, and rap music. I love it! I'd even recommend this one to mom and dad. They might learn something.
5|10605|This movie kicked ass! Funny as all hell!
5|5121|I always thought Judy was good looking. I think that this movie was mainly about Judy so that's good since she is my favorite. I do however like the one where they meet the flintstones too!
5|18259|One word KIEFER
5|14463|I have probably seen this movie easily 50 times as I would consider it my favorite movie of all time. I would agree with an earlier comment that it does leave you with a rather empty feeling, as it has a bittersweet ending, but I think with a title like Almost Famous I didn't view the movie expecting to see the feel-good movie of the year. I thought it was real, and a very deep look at human nature and emotions, and is not just a movie about what life was like for rock stars in the 70's, but for all people in any time period. I thought Kate Hudson was amazing. She was the perfect actress for this movie. The rest of the cast was absolutly perfect as well. There was just enough humour, executed perfectly, to make Almost Famous fairly light hearted without taking away from the drama. The soundtrack is fantastic as well, I just paused through the credits and wrote down every song, as they are all fantastic, and the actual soundtrack should have been about 4 disks, 1 doesn't do it justice.
5|1347| Resevoir Dogs is Tarantino's preliminary film to the chronologically disjointed and colorfully violent film, Pulp Fiction . It had the same elements of Pulp.. without being as polished or grand. It's a smaller story with a rawer edge, but that doesn't detract from the fact that it is an exhilarating film full of sharp dialogue and intriguing situations. The particular thing that struck me about Resevoir Dogs was the special camraderie among the characters. It gave us a glimpse into the personifications of the oxymoron-'honorable criminals'. Keitel's 'Mr. White' is the foremost example of this: the second scene in the film where Mr. Orange was bleeding profusely from the gut and White was holding his hand and encouraging him to hang on was one of the most interesting and heartwrenching scenes of cinematic male-bonding without being too melodramatic or kitsch-y.
5|7736|A work of genius, one of the most brilliant black comedies ever made. I always laugh out loud at the airplanes getting it on in the opening scene. Next time you watch it, consider that Dr. Strangelove (who I always assumed to be Edward Teller) might actually be Henry Kissinger (unlikely, because HK was still relatively obscure in 1964--but the resemblance is disturbing indeed).
5|8405|Probably the funniest movie I had ever seen. LOL!
5|7050| You`ve gone too far, you'll get caught First of all, you can never go too far, and second, if I'm gonna get caught it isn't gonna be by that guy. 
5|12774|I don't have to watch a Michael Moore film or any major news network to confirm what I already think of George Bush. All I have to do is look at my own country and see that a convicted serial rapist (Iorworth Hoare) won 7million in a lottery win, students in serious debt, messed up travel and ask where my prime minister Tony Blair is to address these problems and realise hes too busy supporting a man who uses his power as an excuse to exploit and invade other countries that didn't pose a single threat to his in the first place. I don't have to ask myself if the war in Iraq was justified all I have to do is look at the death toll and the anger of many soldiers and their families who now question the mis-leading information they were given to invade a country. Whoever makes the choice not to see this film is obviously scared of certain facts that are being presented to them. Whilst I make it a habit to apologise for certain posts in the event of not offending anyone I won't be apologising for this one as its about time we faced reality that the incomptent and social inept who is now present in the oval office has single-handedly assisted himself in making not only fantastic viewing in a documentary that he starred in, but also some of the biggest blunders in political history.
5|14305|Billiant acting. Awesome cinematography. Great storyline, original, funny, very smart. Cool score/soundtrack music. 10/10, best movie i've ever seen, in my opinion. 
5|1421|Francis Ford Coppola directed 3 of the greatest films of the 70s. The Godfather , The Godfather Part II , and of course Apocalypse Now . Captain Willard (Martin Sheen), must track down and kill a man who has gone crazy and is running a mini-empire in the depths of Vietnam (I'm not sure the name of the guy, but Marlon Brando played him). A simple enough story. This movie is one of THE greatest films made ever. It's a haunting experience. From tigers to arrows, from Robert Duvall's I love the smell of napalm in the morning...smells like victory , to a jungle-crazy Brando reciting T.S. Eliot around piles of severed heads, this is the ultimate trip. If you haven't seen this magnificent film, you're crazy. See it NOW. It's brilliant. Summary: THE BEST 'NAM WAR FILM EVER MADE, AND ONE OF THE TOP 50 GREATEST FILMS EVER MADE. 
5|5647|great movie with Katherine Hepburn, and Humphrey Bogart. I put off seeing this movie because I did not think I would like it. this turned out to be a good movie. Katherine Hepburns character is a missionary in Africa with her brother during world war 1. Humphrey Bogart is sort of a mailman who delivers goods to this area. Rosie's brother dies after an attack on the village and Charlie helps get Rosie out of the area and down the river on the African Queen his steam boat.they go through some adventures along the way dealing with the treacherous river, and end up caring for each other even though they are very different in personalities. Both actors do a very good job and Humphrey Bogart even won the oscar for his role.
5|636|best movie ever...sgt. hartman is my hero, Mother is the hottest guy, and this movie has so many great quotable lines
1|12268|I WAS GENIOUS WITH THIS RATING BECAUSE I COULDNT GIVE THIS 0 STARS. AWFUL DISGUSTING MOVIE. I SNUCK IN TO THIS MOVIE AND I STILL WANTED MY MOVIE BACK. TOM GREEN STICK TO PISSING OFF PEOPLE ON THE STREET.
5|9096|Feeling a bit bored today, so watched my vid of Pretty Woman. My Dad sat all the way through it and pulled it apart, saying it was obvious and the plot was too full of clues. Okay, I said to him, maybe it is. But thats exactly what I wanted. I didn't want to have to think, I didn't want to wonder how it was going to turn out. I wanted to watch a film where both characters are likeable, boy meets girl, and you remember (if only for a second, before you realise its just a film) that fairy tales do come true.
1|11761|Not even funny, the spoofing is obvious and overdone.
5|12947|This is my favorite film. It is symbolic, inspiring, moving and pure art. The acting is exceptional. I love the cinematography, and the themes of redemption and salvation. I enjoyed the scenes at the end where Red chooses life over death. I believe that this film makes a powerful statement.
5|8388|A classic. One of my favorite scenes is when the door of Sean Penn s van opens up and they fall out in a cloud of smoke, although every Spicoli scene is great. Did you know this movie was based on a book written by Cameron Crowe, the guy who wrote the screenplay for the autobiographical movie Almost Famous ? Crowe supposedly spent a lot of time doing undercover research in a southern California high school to gather material for the book/movie.
5|9928|This movie was hilarious. It kept me laughing. The did a really good job making fun of the other movies and the added comedy was great.
5|7905|REALLY FUNNY, incredibly creative film. Couldn't stop laughing and it gets funnier each time! Definitely worth checking out.
1|16768|Nowwwwwww , DenJu , not every movie like this ,needs my criticism .And my rating isn't the only 1 ,or 2 , star review.
5|21433|Great Movie, I liked how C3PO and R2D2 walk the desert on the planet for a good quarter of the movie, it gives you a chance to understand and get to know them and there humor better for later on in the movies. It makes you think a little bit, it is simple in parts, but still very complete and perfect.
1|13610|I haven't detested a movie so much in a long time; while its good at holding your attention, it fails horribly at being the important movie it sets out to be. It winds up being a confused muddle: lives are tedious until you delve into perverse? there is much to be appreciated in our everyday lives? Which one is it, guys? By trying to straddle both with characters that are absolute cartoons, it comes across as dishonest and shallow.
5|10836|Understated, clever and well-scripted. Not what you'd call hilarious, but very funny none the less.
5|144|This is one great and scary movie. Anthony Hopkins is perfect as Hannibal Lector and Jodie Foster is almost his equal as the FBI agent. There are some great twists and the dialogue will keep you on the edge of your seat right until the end. Lector is the obvious bad guy, the embodiment of evil, but you find yourself mesmerized by him and rooting for him. This is not your slasher-type horror movie, but an incredibly suspenseful, brilliantly written thriller.
5|21427|Fun to watch, and more in-depth and story-based than a lot of other sci-fi flicks. A solid classic.
5|10822|This movie is just so funny.Kevin Smith is a good director. The only bad part is Chris Rock.
5|2869|Great ambience and a stellar ensemble.
5|15782|I really didn't have high expectations for this movie, considering my tastes don't normally run towards films about drug dealers, but it really surprised me. Now I'm not going to compare it to other drug movies so maybe that's why I appreciate it so much. George Jung, no matter how you disagree with his lifestyle, was a fairly keen guy. He knew what he was doing-no doubt it. i don't feel sorry for his character or hate him or anything drastic. I was just interested in his story. Johnny Depp was talented as always and really carried the film-the supporting cast really floundered. All in all, without too much scrutiny, I enjoyed this very much.
1|5329|Was going good until it got to the court scene. Horribly edited and was very boring.
5|13495|A psychological thriller which looks into the minds of a gang of youths coming of age. The movie demonstrates wonderfully the difficult and disturbing times youths face in attempting to define themselves through history, family, and literature.
1|4989|I was suprised to see Cats and Dogs even make it to the top 300 here. It was just very boring and dull.
5|12953|Wow! Written by Stephen King, this movie was filled with drama. The characters were realistic, it made me care for them. Loved the end.
1|11775|Started well and some very funny parts...by the middle it was getting less of a spoof and more partisan. By the end I thought it had greatly deteriorated. Fans of South Park might like it but it will find limited audiences overseas where they might not get the satire.(obviously) All my American friends I saw it with were rather embarrassed by it.
5|22648|This movie totally rocked. It incorporated a diverse group of comic book characters and really used their different abilities to the extreme. In the end, it left room for a lot of other characters to be introduced which is really cool.
1|7258|Don't understand the appeal of this one.
5|622|Great story. Unexpected ending. The best twist in any movie I've ever seen!
5|6399|My favorite John Wayne movie. One of the best westerns ever made! Anyone who wants to see a great performance by Wayne, should see this.
1|4779|Pocahontas is a 1995 disney film that is based upon the life of an indian woman a few hundred years ago and how her life changed when she became part of a man's life. It's as bad as it sounds, but worse. It is not what you'd expect from Disney, and it gets too boring and annoying.
5|22660|X-Men is the best movie of the summer by far. The effects were cool and the didn't mess up the storyline.
5|7087|This is a great Humor and is one of the best movies I ever saw.
1|14625|How did this movie garner so much critical acclaim? Furthermore, how could this movie be so bad when it had so many fine actors? The plot moved way too slowly for my taste. I found myself not caring about any of the characters, (they weren't very likable) which caused me not to care about what happened in the movie. One of the worst films I've ever seen.
5|5848|Orsen Wells was a genius and an artistic trail blazer. Most of his movies, including Citizen Kane , were way ahead of their time - fascinating from beginning to end. Another great one is The Magnificent Ambersons - a great look at the beginning of industrial America and life at the end of the 19th century.
5|21369|This is still the best Star Wars movie. It has the best special effects and a lot of plot turns. I still am not sure about Yoda, I mean did he have to be a muppet. The enhanced version is great and I can not wait for the DVD. A must see for any Sci-Fi fan.
1|12254|Well, I have one thing to say. This movie sucked.
1|12532|Unless you need to take kids to a relatively clean movie, I would avoid Kicking and Screaming. I'm told it's a comedy but I didn't laugh. I almost walked out of the theater 20 minutes into the movie because it was so boring. Unfortunately I stayed and the movie never got any better. Save your money and see something, anything, else.
1|23937|As a Geo-science major in college -- I have to say this movie breaks all rules of geophysics --- and really just basically sucks. What a joke -- especially the insta-freeze of solid objects like buildings. Another Hollywood POS offering.
5|2841|Yes, I give it a five. It is one of those movies for all time. Does it stand the test of time? I believe so simply because of it's message. Michael Knight, probably best known from the tv show Houston Knights, takes the lead role and does an adequate job. I really enjoyed the way the movie showed each of the characters struggles with not only the rival gangs but their own emotions. It relays a good sting together to survive kind of message.
5|22106|I DONT KNOW WHAT TO SAY...ITS JUST THE BEST MOVIE EVER.
5|9914|This movie was hella funny. I laughed throughout the whole movie. The Wayans bros. are funny. The plot was stupid but funny. They made fun of all the scary movies and it was cool.
1|3764|UUUUUUUGGGGHHHHHH! This movie was the most irresponsible, unwatchable, sorry excuse of a movie that was ever, I mean EVER, created. There was very little resemblence of a real NASCAR race or race team in this movie. It is the worst movie ever about NASCAR. Tom Cruise was wooden. The rest of the cast could barely hold their own. The script was unbelievable for any NASCAR fan. The action sequences were filmed during an actual running of the Daytona 500. That is the entire highlight. Everything else is drivel.
1|16998|Don't go see it. The local paper gave it an A-. The minus part was right. It's a story about people losing their hatred and bigotry and falling in love masked in a tale of death, more death, and even more death. Yes, Billy Bob Thornton is a great character actor. Halle Berry can act, too, and we get confirmation for anyone that didn't already know, that she has a great body. But, to watch sucicides, to watch electrocutions, and to watch parents ahting their children, and telling them to their faces, BLECHH.
5|22112|This movie tops it all off. Great graphics, great story. I keeps you on the edge of you seat. It can even make you wonder Is it possible that I'M living in a matrix? How would you even know, you wouldn't! Cast was perfect for the movie. I love the lead agent. His voice sounds like it could be a computer program. If you havn't seen it, rent it. Even better, buy it. Because you will like it! Don't listen do all of these people that rate it 1-star, get out there and get it NOW.
1|12526|More special fx and fantasy tosh...isn't Hollywood fed up with all this vacuity yet? So it brings in the dollars...but let's get some warming, real-life stories!
5|178|The most underrated epic of all time. This movie was the first to have the most realistic battles and to corretly portray the dark times of the middle ages. Combined with an unforgetable story, characters, visuals, soundtrack, and scriptline, this makes it my favorite movie. J.R.R. Tolkien based his character Aragorn after the untold story of William Wallace in real life. Those who say this was a bad film have a narrow and bad taste in films because it meets all the standards of an epic. It was included on the top 100 films of the 20th Century lists and won 5 Academy Awards including Best Picture and Best Director (Mel Gibson). Some may say it was historically inaccurate but like it said in the film...History is written by those who have hanged heroes. Every man dies, not every man really lives. 
5|19184|This is the most frightening concept imaginable! This is looking into Hell on film. Top 5 best ever.
5|3593|This movie was Awesome !!! Go CARMAN! We need more christain movies that are like this. Unfortunately I see alot or corny christain movies out there. This is far from them. But this is carman so it's no Surprize. Just A Thought.
5|17817|Probably the best horror movie ever. A wonderful cast with an added blend of excellent one-liners from Jack Nicholson. Very creepy moments throughout the film include the kitchen of the Overlook Hotel and the two young female twins who visit the little boy while riding his Big Wheel down the hallways. Very quiet moments throughout the film added to the terror
5|24205|One of the best movies I ve ever seen! I cried twice, I doesn t often cry when I see a movie (OK, when I was little yes, but not in an age of 17)! I also liked the future design, all thought I thought some things was a little unrealistic (like flying cars...what I liked was the clothes, the arcitecture, the human realations... Ojal las proximas generaciones tienen tan bueno gusto! Really fantastic playing from a lot of actors actrisses, not only Robin Williams! :-)) (from a person that usually hates sci-fi)
5|7093|Young Frankenstein is an extremly funny movie that stars Gene Wilder as Dr. Frankenstein who creates yet another monster, and has this hunchback named Igor working for him, and the monster wants to be loved, and when they create the bride she wants some good-hot lovin , and the monster doesn't like her so he runs away and goes to this shack where this blind guy is making espresso, but the monster doesn't like it so he runs away again, and finds that the Doctor is eating lots of Kippers, and he likes them.
5|6602|'Charade' is one fantastic movie, and yet it is very underrated. Watching this movie, the viewers are treated to great visuals and to great acting. And what a cast: Audrey Hepburn, Cary Grant, James Coburn, Walter Matthau, and George Kennedy. Finally, this movie is suspenseful from beginning until end (reminiscent of a Hitchcock flick), as Hepburn's widowed Regina Lambert doesn't know who to turn to for help. If anyone cares to watch this movie, I promise they will not be disappointed.
5|13126|This movie shows the saddest history we will ever know. It is the realization that millions of innocent human beings were murdered. I believe it also portrayed how people were incredibly weak to a hidden, sick power (Hitler). Thus, we should be extremely thankful that we live in a diverse and free society. We will never know the true horrors of what these people went through. Sometimes we tend to forget how lucky we are, and it makes me realize that everyday we live is a true blessing. It was a truly sad movie with a most powerful message. The music, composed by John Williams also added to the emotion of the film. How he ever came up with such a composition is purely ingenious. When it was played at my school, for the rememberence day assembly, people gathered around the string students who were playing it. It was a silent and sad moment I will remember for a long time. 
5|14649|i loved the movie and watched it over and over. it wasn't the acting that i enjoyed but the dancing that was great. i suggest you see it if you like dancing.
5|17340|Audrey Tatou is amazing. Truly heartwarming.
5|11731|Haven't seen it yet but sounds awesome! Sounds a little like Bring It On! I loved that movie!
5|4015|This was no doubt the best movie in my mind. It is good for all age groups and Dory is my favorite character.
5|11057|chappelle. ok? chappelle.
5|4773|Great movie, some EXTRA SLOW people don't understand the moral behind the movie or the history behind it but unfortunately they can't be helped. It's a Disney movie, HOW REALISTIC DO YOU WANT IT TO BE? I mean, common, this is a FAMILY movie not an 18+ one. 
5|17426|Excellent movie with some of the most oddball characters you'll ever see in an animated film. The animation was brilliant as well.
5|13640|Wow. Edward Norton is one of the best actors of all time! He gets better with every movie he does! God I love that guy. Anyway, the movie is fantastic. I loved how all the performers made ALL the charcters seem real. This movie shows you how hard life can be. It shows you everything until it is sure you understand what they're trying to convey.
5|13898|Written and directed by Sly Stallone it provided an in depth look at the struggle of Italians in the 80's. An epic movie that started the equally epic series.
5|6170|I loved this movie, not only was it filled with the comic greatness that the screenplay provided but it was well acted and indeed deserved that Oscar.
5|13654|Underrated 80's movie- terrific acting. A powerful drama. The fact that it won zero Oscars is still one of the all-time embarrassments of the Academy.
5|15225|Loved it, loved it, loved it, need I say more one of my all- time favorite movies. Drew Barrymore was so cute in it. It was romantic and cool and a way better version of the classic Cinderella story. It seems more real. Gotta love it.
5|22489|One of the best of all time
5|2316|One of the all-time greats. Revolutionary documentary-style work by the once-great William Friedken. Yes, Gene Hackman's Popeye Doyle is a brilliant creation, but the star of the movie is really Friedken.
5|17432|Monkeys!
5|2470|loved it. my best friend refused to watch it in the summer for the longest time because we live in the Canadian Praries and she was so scared that a tornado was going to come here but where we live hasn't had a tornado for over 100 years so i do not know what she is worried about.
5|385|Russell Crowe took on a different role playing a gladiator in the Roman Empire. The movie has been compared to othes like Braveheart and The Patriot. It stands alone among all.
5|4001|ES-CA-PE! That's funny... it's spelled just like word 'escape'...
1|24269|When Trinity is dying. Neo: No Trinity! You can't die! Trinity: Yes I can. LAME Neo vs Smith Dragonball Z fight. SUCKED The first one is a classic, the second one was ok, this one blows goats. 
5|19379|It's much better than a lot of the crappy movies ahead of it.
5|14885|I really enjoyed this movie. Mostly I enjoyed the well fleshed out characterizations. For instance, even when you really hated the father for being so abusive to Billy or the brother for being so angry, once you have a chance to know their situation you still manage to have sympathy for them. And though Billy is portrayed as a likeable kid, they didn t try to make him a perfect angel either which did nothing to turn you against him and had everything to do with making him believable. The cast was terrific from poor old grandma to Billy s friend down the street. The only thing in the movie that did not seem to ring completely true was that Billy became a star of the ballet regardless of the fact that most ballet dancers begin at around the age of 3 and Billy but did not start taking lessons until he was nearly in his teens. But I guess the whole point was that this was a prodigal who beat the odds - and in more ways than one.
1|3599|This not only was one of the most boring military-type movies of all time, it was also the most inaccurate. After watching the movie, I am still not sure what type of unit they were supposedly playing. Anyone that could stay awake for this movie could see the shocking ending from a mile away. The entire set of the movie takes place in Panama with some elite quasi-Ranger type unit doing training. Samuel L. Jackson is the senior non-commissioned officer, though he was wearing specialist rank for a few scenes. The plot was extremely corny and sloppy, with pretty weak character development. One thing I look for in these types of movies is at least some accuracy...but I know there are no women in units like this (score: political correctness 1 - accuracy - 0) and usually units that train together dress in the same uniform. I would compare the type of unit to the one in Predator, only this one had no Schwartzaneggar or any other good actors, much less any action. I think the biggest let-down to the movie had to be the ending, where the shock and awe really wants to make you say to yourself, So what? In any case, please save yourself the $10 and don't watch this movie.
1|21311|Rightfully reguarded as one of the worst movies ever made. Not in the way that PLAN NINE FROM OUTER SPACE is, just so bad, it is actually fun to watch, but in a way that is actually painfull to watch. Disappointing from the opening credits to the closing credits. I can't believe George Burns, who is usually a rather good comic, would have agreed to appear in this peice of trash. If you are a Beatles fan, despite the title, I urge you to skip this movie. I have not had any respect for Peter Frampton since seeing this dreck. It is hard to take him seriously anymore. The only redeaming quality about this abomanation is the beauty of the actress who played Strawberry Fields, even though she couldn't act her way out of a plastic bag. When I first heard about this movie I was very excited, being a huge fan of the Beatles. The cast sounds like it can't miss. But, someone, in the opening two minutes, I knew this film would be bad. I can't believe just how bad it was. As a comparison, this movie makes SHOWGIRLS seem like an Oscar winner. And SHOWGIRLS is one of biggest disappoints in movie history. Whenever SGT. PEPPER is scheduled to be shown on tv (which is rare, thank god!!!!!), I turn off my televison, lest I catch just a glimpse of this travesty. There are not enough words in the English language, or any other, to describe my hatered for this god-awful piece of crap.
5|13132|Good realistic, historic story/script. Awesome cast and cinematography. Camera shots were amazing.
5|9525|I really didn't expect to enjoy this movie. I thought the first one was chuckle-worthy at best, but not especially humorous. I went to see it only because one of my friends is a huge fan of all things Asian (espeically Jackie Chan)and she asked me to. I settled in my chair, ready to be bored with the usual unfunny sequel fare and surprised myself when I actually started laughing out loud to the antics of (the still annoying. nothing can help this man)Chris Tucker and Jackie Chan (His best American Comedy to date.)It was nice to see Zhang ZiYi(don't think I spelled that right) again after her amazing turn in Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. I would highly recommened this movie to anyone in need of a mindless good laugh. Most big time movie conossuiers(damn I can't spell) would not ever even think to see this movie, knowing how inane it is supposed to be, but I think that they would be a little surprised. I know I was.
5|1179|The one that started it all. It leaves you with a sense of unfinished business. Stallone is crazy and you'll know why if you see this.
5|5337|brilliant
5|21816|Despite some huge book-related errors (Elves at Helm's Deep, Faramir, etc) this is a great movie. I haven't decided whether it's better than the first, but it truly is a masterpiece. It contains both the best introduction to any film I've seen, and the best film battle I've seen. It may not be 100% accurate as far as book translation goes, but some is warranted and as a movie goes, it is brilliantly entertaining and has a little bit of everything. A must see, and bring on the third.
5|4029|I took my daughter to see this movie, and I really wasn t expecting to enjoy it myself as I usually don t enjoy many animated shows. However, I was pleasantly surprised. This is a very cute movie. 
5|16062|He did what anybody that loved their child would do.
5|3746|This one is funny as hell.
5|19351|The movie was rivoting. It was my most favorite movie when I was a child. I still watch the movie to this day.
5|12204|I went to see this thinking it would not be very good but I was wrong. It is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. I laughed so hard the whole time. I thought it was even funnier than the first. Everyone needs to see this movie.
5|8613|I think this is one of Adam Sandlers best movies besides Bulletproof. Great entertaining movie thats not boring.
5|7520|I love this crazy old movie! It seems weird to think it is now over 21 years old! This was the very best of all the SNL inspired movies (if you don t believe me, rent The Coneheads eeek!). Not only that it was probably one of the very best if not the best left to us summing up the talents of John Belushi. He gave a performance here that really encompassed his unique comedic abilities both past and present and with a bittersweet hint of what might have been. I think my favorite part (and there were so many classic bits to choose from) was when the two brothers went back to the orphanage to visit the Penguin . When she finally has enough of them she starts hitting them with a ruler - they try to run but Jake can t squeeze out of the desk he was sitting in and has no choice but to roll down the stairs. Pure silly slapstick, but it still makes me laugh my head off every time!
1|21339|Mariah, you stick with SINGING and J-LO, you stick with ACTING.
5|1151|A great movie. One I can turn on and enjoy watching anytime.
5|14113|Incredable preformance by Jim Carrey. Perhaps his first drama, this movie really makes you think about life. Could you be but just another Truman, in a world modified especially for you. I walked out of the theater pondering this stupid quetion. But, I have not yet found an answer. I forget the screenwriter's name at the moment, but what a marvelous idea he(they) had. Amazing story.
5|6158|James Jones-who wrote the novel-couldn't have picked a better cast-at their best.
5|7246|I must have watched this 50 times. Those aren't PILLOWS!
5|23967|Another Great Trek movie! That makes 9! This one, like the previous 2, focuses on the cast from the awesome The Next Generation. In this one, the crew has to fight the bad guys trying to gain immortality by relocating an entire population of people on a planet. Mixing well-timed humor with references to other Trek shows, great special effects, heart-warming character moments and blood-pumping battle sequences, Insurrection is a success from beginning to end.
5|16704|Through its use of well defined characters, The Color of Money allows viewers to peek into a world that is foreign to most, and humanizes these people who hustle or con their way through life. The well written script hints at what a hustler might be like: cold, calculating, indifferent to anything except their own desires. The audience sees how a hustler's life may be exciting, but mostly it's empty and shallow because they always must keep their guard up and watch their own back.
5|5451| Perfect in every way. Romance, suspense, pacing. Top of the line Hitchcock. 
5|10375|One of the best sequels of all time. However, 33 1/3 really sucked.
5|4997|This movie is great. It's a movie for both in the family, GREAT MOVIE! I wanna see it again with my little brother! WE HAVE A BEAGLE WHICH IS WHY WE LOVE THE MOVIE! Jon Lovitz is in it. How cool is that?!?!?!
5|16710|surprisingly frightening but the ending could have been re-worked.
5|5445|The length of this movie makes for boring passages at times, but altogether this is a great David Lean movie. It portrays all the spirit of resistence, determination, and exhileration, and in the end, futility. I hated the ending.
1|12081|Pathetic follow up film for Gere and Roberts. Not that Pretty Woman was any good, itself...
1|9088|One of the worst films of all time. Ridiculous plot, assinine premise. Julia Roberts is the most unconvincing actress to come along in decades and Richard Gere, not surprisingly, acts like he's got a weasel shoved up his rectum. A predictable, unentertaining and totally unrealistic piece of crap.
5|1623|An amazing, dark, disturbing film. Everything is all wrong about this movie - from the rain that doesn't seem to stop, to the uncomfortable pauses in conversation, to the bleary rooms and buildings that the majority of the film takes place in, to the lighting, to the horrifying ending. Incredible acting combined with a dark twisted plot and a very un-Hollywood ending make this one of my favorites in this genre. This movie is worth the price of a rental just to hear Kevin Spacey's chilling monologue towards the end of the movie. A great, creepy flick.
5|14107|First thing to get straight is that this is not meant to be some cak comedy but is an amusing satire on media power gone out of control. Carrey at lasts drops the gurning and turns in a decent performance here. On first viewing the film turns up some nice little surprises such as when he discovers his family isnt real. Much better than copycat films like Ed TV, this is an original and thought provoking movie.
5|13668|made me cry - that speaks volumes
5|7252|I love John Candy films and this is his best second only to Uncle Buck. Shame he had to die so young.
5|15219|Incredible man, great movie, a test of endurance that will never be seen again.......
1|20033|Not very scary. Blair Witch was boring and somewhat pointless. Not to mention, cheaply made, though that wouldn't necessarily have to detract from the element of horror. This one just didn't do much for a lot of us.
5|9519|Very funny movie to watch with a funny actors. This is a repeat watch movie.
1|16581|i hated this movie . the acting was awful and it was boring.
5|17368|An incredible and extremely important film in a number of ways. It is one of the few pieces of state funded cinematic propoganda which is actually entertaining. It makes use of several (at the time) innovative cinemagraphic techniques, most of which are in common use today. The execution of mutineers, and the Odessa steps massacre sequences are spectacular.
5|5323|Without this movie, I don't think I would have had a healthy childhood.
5|21631|I have seen a recent poll that has compared Lord of the Rings with The Godfather, Citizen Kane, and other great movies. This was amazing because the poll was top 100 movies of all time and Lord of The Rings was #1 out of those. The Movie has great sceanry and has you wide awake 100% of the time. This has won AFL's Best film of the year. And is rated for Golden Globes. This was the best film of the year and should win the best picture. The income for this movie is passing Harry Potter, because the people who have seen The Lord of The Rings hav loved it. If you havent seen this movie, you should see it NOW.
5|17383|This is a pretty cool movie about desperation and the what ifs . It's very fast-paced, pretty fun to watch; the animation and the still-shot series mix well with the mood of the film. The pounding techno beat definately raises the intensity. Fun to watch, if you don't mind subtitles.
5|3961|Too scary for little kids but when your old enough it's great
5|23026|Saw this pretty soon after it came out and I really enjoyed it. I thought the computer graphics were really great and the casting of characters were pretty much up there. the storyline was well executed and it was easy to understand and enjoy. This si something that people shouldn't take too seriously. Just enjoy it!
5|15594|Titanic is the greatest mid-20's love story of all time. It mostly appeals to a younger audience but viewers of all ages cannot deny it's powerful story and lovable characters. Everyone cries!
5|6819|Hilarious, and like any great comedy appeals to both the lowbrow and the highbrow. One of the classics of comedy. I fart in your general direction.
1|19881|For the so-called Scariest Movie of the year, I was so disappointed. The only scary parts were from the previews. Very slow movie also. When a whole movie theater clears out before the credits have begun, something is definitely wrong.
5|14852|An all time great movie - classic to buy on tape/DVD and watch again.
5|23740|Wow, I didn't think this movie would be on the list. On my obscure but cool list, i had to watch that movie three times (thank God for cable TV) at age eleven before I understood what the hell was going on. John Lithgow was outstanding, especially the way he would say John Bigbooty with that crazy accent.
1|2136|'Not a Matt Damon fan. Went to see it only because my g/f wanted... Finally, I couldn't stand it. I walked out and left said g/f there to get her ya-ya's. Damon looks more like a secret agent intern.
5|9294|Lily Tomlin, Jane Fonda, and Dolly Parton had such great screen chemistry that they actually made a weak script into something awesome ! I really think this movie would have been a huge flop if it wasn't for the chemistry of these 3 women. Great movie, great comedy, and I could watch it over and over. Great storyline as well !
5|16923|Ralph Fiennes shows why he is the greatest actor of our generation. He plays three characters from 3 generations of the same Hungarian family. All three have compelling and engrossing stories that span the major events of the twentieth century. If you like historical dramas, definitely check this one out. Jennifer Ehle and William Hurt also deliver great performances. This is not a movie for children and it is rather long but well worth the effort.
1|9063|That John Belushi wannabe Chris Farley couldn't be funny even if he were a ten foot Pole! And this film is no exception. As usual, Chris Farley tries too hard. He's not a natural at anything except attempting self-exploitation... May he RIP, his career will last longer as a legend than it would've had he lived. 
5|434|I had to cover my eyes during the gory parts but I love seeing history come alive! Wonderful sets and action scenes. 
5|21157|It's the Beatles! Guys, of course it's great. The animation is neat and kind of psychedelic. The music is taken from Sgt. Pepper and Magical Mystery Tour and (I think) Revolver genre (right?). If you see the new release version there's also a clip that was originally cut out of Hey Bulldog. The movie is funny and pretty.
5|420|An excellent epic film. I loved the story, despite some amount of implausability (emperor/gladiator fighting). I felt it was very well put together and coordinated with an excellent sound track. I felt compelled by the story and the character of Maximus.
1|9077|Only thing funny about it is that they call it a comedy. I didn't find it the least bit funny. Oh well.
5|21143|i didnt really pay attention to the movie..prince was to hot to look away from!
5|13697|really really really good
5|23032|i have to say that this is one of the best movie adaptations of a comic that i have ever seen. the characters are realistic, and the effects were amazing.
5|8820|Great movie .Mike is awesome in it.
5|15580|I like the Titanic movie very much because it possesses love and emotion.
5|14846|It wasn't the best done movie of 2000 (it was well done), but it's real. I admit it, I fall for true feel good stories. Take two segregated schools. The white school has a great football team and a storied coach. The black school isn't quite there. Merge them. Take the black school's coach (Denzel Washington) and make him the head coach. Make the new school a winner. Nobody will believe it? Well, it's real life and it's touching. See it!
1|22803|Annoying trash, with possibly the worst assembly of child actors in history. The fact that it slavishly follows the book is no plus in my view.
5|346|Russell Crowe did a very nice job. The movie had an original plot, and I definetly wouldn't mind seing it again.
5|17397|I thought this movie was great. It was really different. The music was really good. There isn't much dialogue but the visual aspect of the movie makes the story and since it has subtitles, it helps. This movie shows the what if. Like when you have to do something, don't you always wonder, 'what if?'. Well, this movie takes 3 possible senarios and shows you what happens. It is fascinating. I loved it.
5|3975|The movie's great -- almost as good as the P.L. Travers book. The scene on the rooftops of London is fantastic, magical.
5|22304|One of my favorite movies, Jurassic Park is suspenseful throughout, and with action-a plenty, it's sure to be a great adventure as you get captured in the Jurassic world. More than Great. 
1|17648|a dismal movie
1|12730|False, contrived and utterly taste less. This Corpulent Fool is a liar who if he reported the facts of Columbine would disprove all of his opinions.
5|408|Great! I saw it four times. A very powerful movie with excellent costumes. The computer effects were nearly seamless. Good character development, and a great storyline.
5|7285|It amazes me people don't like this movie because it is stupid. What were you expecting when you watched a movie with Bill Murray, Chevy Chase, and Rodney Dangerfield, an intellectual genius of a comedy? This movie was great, and i think very underrated in terms of all time comedies.
5|13867|ADRIAN!
5|1838|Bruce Lee is the best martial artist ever. I like all the Bruce Lee movies. It's too bad he had to die at such a young age.
1|18209|Awful remake...don't waste your time on this crap.
5|13873|I'm so glad to see so many positive reviews for Rocky. This is my favorite boxing movie of all time. In January or February of 1976 I was a young boxer training at the Main Street Gym, in Los Angeles, California, when I got a call from my manager/trainer, Mel Epstein, telling me that they were filming a movie about the life of Rocky Marciano at the gym. He asked if I would like to be an extra in the movie. Well, of course I said yes. Well as it turns out, they were not making a Marciano Bio. As the filming got under way, I had a chance to meet Sylvester Stallone, at that time I was not very impressed, since the only other time I had ever seen him was in The Lords of Flatbush. He was not yet the superstar he would later become. Infact he was really an unknown. He was, however a very nice guy. I got a picture with him and I've since had it blown up into an 8 X 10, it's my pride and joy of a long ago time. In case anybody is interested, the scene that I'm in is when Rocky and Mickey are argueing after his gear was removed from his locker and hung on skid row. I'm in the upper right hand corner, in the ring that's on the right of the screen. I'm sparring with Monroe Brooks, who was the California State champ at the time, and a very nice guy, by the way. I'm wearing an off white or tan colored trunks and head gear. Actually these were my Navy Swim trunks. Brooks, I believe, was wearing red trunks. Not that it matters but just for identification only, he's the black guy. (I hate doing that). Burgess Meredith had lunch with Mel (my trainer) and picked his brain for his Mickey character. They filmed at the gym for three days, and I got paid forty dollars a day. I would have done it for free. I was glad to see the movie get an Oscar, and was dissapointed that Stallone did not get the best actor award. It's funny but my kids always tease me, they know I like showing the movie and the picture, whenever someone is over for the first time. I've tried to stop because I think it embaresses them. Rocky was a classic story about an underdog who gets his shot at respect. For all these reasons, Rocky is one of my favorite movies, definetly my favorite boxing movie.
5|22476|it doesn't get any better than this. shatner pushes it to the edge and beyond in the battle scenes, and in his reaction to the death of spock, his best and lifelong friend, a moment years in the making. i think you either get it or you don't, so i'll stop commenting there.
5|23768|Will Smith was excellent in this film, I personally think it was more of a comedy than a science fiction movie.
5|5486|This movie is a classic for all the reasons brought out by the other reviewers. What I most liked about it, however, is.. first, the almost dreamy mood created by the dialogue, lighting, and editing. You feel the quiet desperation of these people. And secondly, I like the stark, crisp beauty of the black & white photography.
1|12042|dude wheres the dumb
5|4798|Stuart Little has been underrated! I rated it as Great (5 stars) because it's so clever. Of course it's great for kids, but I think it's entertaining for parents and non-parents too. Who can resist a mouse who goes with his adoptive mother to the toy store to buy doll clothes for a family dinner?
1|8433|Dreadful. Even worse than the first one.
5|19386|I really enjoyed this movie. The casting of Willem Dafoe as the hungry Max Shrek was absolutely inspired. I though he was perfect in every movement, every word. Shadow of the Vampire had it's share of horror and comedy (yet another inspired casting choice in giving Eddie Izzard a supporting role) and balanced them together very complimentarily(is that a word? oh well. is now.) John Malkovich, too, a very often annoying actor was devoid of that overly enunicated type of acting he seems to favor, which made him all the more entertaining to watch. Catherine McCormack was almost unrecognizable as the doomed heroine from her 'Dangerous Beauty' days. All in all, this film was entertaining and informative, not to mention clever and intelligent. A must see.
5|18098|Misery is a well-written, well-acted, psychological thriller. It is a horror movie in the sense that if you found yourself in this kind of situation, it would be a horror. Kathy Bates won an Oscar for this movie, so you know she does a convincing job as a mentally disturbed fan. There's not much blood or gore, but it is very entertaining because of the reality of the situation.
5|3949|What a terrific Disney movie. If I were to rate my favorite recent Disney animated full length movie it would be this one.Very well done, good songs, funny and romantic. I saw this at the theater with my kids and enjoyed every bit of it. the characters were fun to watch.The talking clocks, and other objects. I loved it when Belle and the Beast found they cared for one another.This movie has some of the best songs. Be Our Guest and the rest. No wonder they turned this into a broadway play.
5|1186|Excellent entertainment value. Still enjoy watching it, though I have seen it many times. Very stylish with a good cast. Gert Forbes isn't one of the better Bond villians, but he is still good. Odd-Job is still scary. Pussy Galore makes most A list actresses today look like cardboard cut-outs in comparism. 
1|5117|the epitimy of stupid
5|18927|The cast was the bomb! I thought it was cool and would watch it again. I would love to play the movie and watch it again. I will play it again and again.
1|12043|I went to a free advanced screening of this film, and I was still tempted to walk out after the first 10 minutes and demand a refund. A movie ad-libbed by a class of 3rd graders would have been more entertaining, and one would at least have been able to understand where the writers were coming from. The whole plot of this movie revolves around two moronic stoners trying to figure out what happened to them the previous night; they can't remember because they were incredibly high and wasted and stupid. I can only assume the film makers went through this exact process after they woke up and found out they had produced this abomination. Even people (including myself) who enjoy movies that are So Stupid, They're Funny will find themselves nauseated and insulted after even brief exposure to this comedic black hole. I hope that those responsible for inflicting the world with Dude, Where's My Car? are very, very sorry. And poor. And covered with honey and fire ants. 
5|4941|Halarios movie,that teeches kids not to lie. With two of my favorite acter and actress,Frankie Munizand Amanda Bines.I say it is a must see movie.
5|22477|The best Trek film. I don't know how it could be beaten. KAHN!!!!!! KAHN!!!!!!
1|4208|yes
1|17885|Not at all scary. I am sorry, but a 12 year old kid is just not scary to me. This movie is way overrated.
5|1187|Very exciting movie with the best Bond song ever. Shirley Bassey really belted out the lyrics.
1|12725|Simply put, Bowling for Columbine is a disaster of a movie. I thought it would be at least somewhat thought-provoking, and instead I found it disjointed, uninspiring, and too slanted to be taken seriously. The movie jumped around from one issue to another with such a heavy hand that it seemed like a joke (and perhaps it was). Michael Moore's interactions along the way were extremely annoying, and I kept asking myself why he didn't ask more intelligent questions. He certainly had some interesting ideas to work with. To top it off, the movie seemed to go on forever. When I see how much acclaim this movie received, I'm baffled. Perhaps it's the Emperor's-New-Clothes phenomenon...
5|11903|I've seen this movie 2 times already. I went once with my good friend, then once with my two best guy friends, and they even loved it. It's a really really well done sequel, and I'd definetly buy it when it comes out.
5|21618|Can't say enough about this beautiful piece of film so i'll just say this. Greatest film ive ever seen.
5|11917|Great actresses who made an interesting story really fun. I enjoyed it a lot.
5|20512|I saw it and I loved it!May update this later.
5|19393|Story-wise, my expectations of this movie somewhat exceeded what I saw today. In spite of that, I still think this is a very well done piece of work. Malkovich was, well, Malkovich - always a surreal and compelling experience. His character Murnau's dissent into madness was complete and he did a fine job conveying that. Before this movie, my only means of judging Eddie Izzard s talents was by his wonderful standup routine which is so good that I am led to believe he was somewhat underused in this part. But he did very well in spite of it and I hope to see him on the big screen again. There are no words to adequately describe the depth of depravity and debased horror that Willem Dafoe was able to capture and instill in his Nosferatu. Of all the depictions of vampires I have seen in movies over the years and there have been many - Dafoe's is the most bone chillingly horrifying. He truly deserves the highest recognition for his work in this film. In addition, the photography was very creative, the costumes realistic and true to 1921, and the makeup was phenomenal. I hope they get the nominations and wins they deserve on Oscar night.
1|8426|I really enjoyed the first one but as much as I like Austin Powers I hated 2. It was not really very funny with a lot of bathroom humor, more so than the first. One spy spoof was enough Mike look for some thing new. I have not seen 3 yet but it looked about the same stuff re-hashed. Update: I have seen 3 and I was right.
5|6824|This just may be the funniest movie ever made. No matter how many times I watch it, the jokes never get old or warned out. Some may not be fond of British humor (which is just an outright nonsense insanity rollercoaster). If you are, prepare for the funniest 90 minute to two hours you'll ever sit through. Every cast member of Monty Python is in top form.
5|22463|Hands down, the best Star Trek film, and an outstanding sci-fi film in it's own right. Ricardo Montalban plays one of the very BEST villans I have ever seen on film; he's that good. This is recommended to everyone, not just Star Trek fans. (I wouldn't say that about the bulk of Star Trek material).
5|13866|This is Dinero at his best. He got so into character that he gave himself a concussion and broke both hands in the filming of one scene(when he's in prison). I thought it was a powerful, quality story. An early Rocky.
5|7284|Needs to be in the top 5. Hilarious movie. As a golf caddy I really can relate to the movie. This movie is timeless and the replay value is infinite. Danny: I thought you said winning wasn't everything? Ty: Me, no. You, do. Danny: Good grammer Ty. -or- Dangerfield: That kangaroo stole my ball! 
5|18933|This movie had me interested throughout the entire thing!! And the way it relates to realiy relly helped amplify its greatness becoming a classic!
1|8340|An absolutely dreadful film, not because of its blasphemous contents but rather because it was so juvenile and such a mish-mash of oddments thrown together. and did anyone notice how the guy who didn't speak copied all of his facial expressions from joey in friends!! 
1|12057|I personally thought this movie was absolutly pathetic. The only way you can enjoy this movie is to be stoned. The movie is about losing a car on a night of being trashed and on the trip to retrievel they stumble upon clues of what they did last night. Who really cares about where thier car is. I can't believe I even payed to see this movie. Someone shoot me! I think the whole time i laughed once. They ruined every joke by out doing themselves, too much stupid acting for simple little jokes.
5|4955|I love this movie; I just saw it for the second time last night and it was just as good as the first. I cried during both of the times I saw it. I think it is a very emotional movie. The special effects were wonderful, and it is easy to see that a lot of work and planning was put into this movie. It is good for all ages, boys and girls. My eight year old brother enjoyed the sword fighting and action scenes as much as I enjoyed the rest. I thought the actors were perfect for their parts and they seemed to know a lot about the story and how it should come across. I am a sucker for fantasy and magic, and this movie was definitely right up my alley. I love seeing the fairies and mermaids, even though the mermaids were somewhat darker than I would imagine and the fairies were much more temperamental (Well, maybe that was just Tink)!!!:)
5|5493|This Steinbeck classic is perhaps my favorite movie. It is one of the best book-to-movie translations I have ever seen.
1|11576|This became the number one movie???? How utterly embarrasing. The thing which I will only refer to as The Donkey Show should be burned. This movie promotes destruction of property, brainlessness, profanity use and disrespect for the parental bring-up. And, to make things even worse, it had to have over an hour cut out just to make it R-rated. Gross, crude, lewd and appealing to the lowest common denominator, boycott this and see another great movie that is family-friendly instead! And, as for JKooks, I haven't used a profane word in almost seven years and consider myself quite cool, regardless.
5|11081|I know, I know many Jim Carrey fans out there are angry about this film because of the dirty stuff, but after watching stuff like South Park and especially The Man Show I'm used to stuff like this by now, and I welcome this side-splitter with open arms. Just brilliant comedy. Besides the REALLY gross parts.
1|9076|Ouch, my skin is crawling. If you know anything about the prostitution business you will find this extremely offensive. Theresa Russell, who is about 100 times as attractive as Roberts, was incensed by this movie and made Whore in 1991 to show the true side of prostitution.
5|3974|feed the birds tppins a bag toppins toppins toppins a bag. love that song. loved the movie. very origional and entertaining. What an awesome idea for a movie
5|347|GLADIATOR KICKS ASS (And so does Russel Crowe, who is gorgeous)
5|16088|I can watch this movie over and over again. Great performances by the entire cast. I just love it. Some think it's cheesy, but I think it's great.
1|17661|The american version seems oscar-worthy in comparison to the original.
5|8821|Are any of y'all preachers? I've got a confession to make. Main reason I gave this a five was because It features two of my favorite songs by my all-time favorite rock group ( Bohemian Rhapsody and Another One Bites the Dust ). But the other main reason I liked it was simply because it was an amazing movie! Funny, full of heart, and leaves you with a warm feeling. Like Dorkavitch said, the scene where the crazy dudes sing Bohemian Rhapsody in the car, is downright hilarious! If any of y'all haven't seen Wayne's World, I 1000% reccomend it. Take care everyone!
5|14853|Funny and moving. The only problem I saw was that there were far too many climactic moments in which they played the overly dramatic music and some important decision is made, etc. Most movies lead up to one of these, however I think Remember the Titans had about six. That didn't annoy me enough to inspire me to subtract a star, however. Denzel Washington was excellent, I thought. Plus, a good soundtrack!
5|6818|This movie is absolutely the funniest of all-time. The classic moments never end. Instead of playing by the rules, The Python lot always seem to go in an all out rebellion against common sense. How many people could ever have concieved a political discussion in a movie about knights. The comic devices used in this film continue to be unrivaled by all but The Life of Brian. It is clear from this film that the Pythons were the true comedic masters of their time.
5|15595|The best movie hollywood has came up with in a very long time, and I think it will be a very long time before we see another one like it. The story, the special effects, the actors, the soundtrack, it all came together perfect!
5|3960|Beauty and the Beast is a great Disney movie. The soundtrack is really good. My little sister really liked this movie and my little brother named out cat 'Bell', the main characters name. 
5|353|It was awesome. This movie was fabulos. A real work of art. Just great. It had action and drama. The movie kept you interested in it for the whole time. In my mind this movies is the best movie ever!
1|7729|A long political satire than a comedy. Peter Seller's great talent is waisted and is very slow that the best joke weren't really funny. The only great part is the fabulous title. If you want funny films that star Peter Sellers watch Pink Panther movies.
5|21630|WHAT! There is no way this movie can beat The Godfather, or Citizen Kane (as someone here was claiming.) The character development is WEAK and the plot thread was Jumpy and difficult to follow. I would have been lost, had I not remembered parts of the book from reading it as a kid. Can this move beat STAR WARS? No way. Howfrigginever, I LOVED IT. It had me gripping the seat for 3 hours. I was just glad it didnt turn into melodramatic horse sh*t like titanic and other 'epics'. The cinematography was great, the SFX was tops, and the makeup and costume were fantastic. It was good movie-making, and not a platform for actors. That being said, I wish to marry Liv Tyler. She is Sooooo beautiful! Anyone know her? 
1|22816|So stupid!
5|435|Great movie. Russell Crowe is one of the finest actors out there, and he sells this hero well! The backgrounds were much critisized, but I was very impressed, and cannot see what all the complaints were about. The opening scene was riveting, and felt more real then the battle scenes in Braveheart.
5|13682|One of the greatest movies ever made.
5|23741|Alot of fun to watch.
1|20967|It's amazing this insignificant, low-budget piece of crap garnered the following it did, seeing that it's one of the worst films ever puked out by Hollywood. Starring unctuous P. Swayze, a clubfooted hoofer in need of acting lessions and pinchfaced little trollop Jennifer Grey, nice body, honker and all. The best thing about this turkey is the fact that it takes place in the Borscht Belt, oy vey, which harkens back to childhood memories in my long-distant past. Even the dancing, the supposed strong suit of this attempt at making a movie, was predictable and hardly impressive. What would have made this a better movie is if Grey did about fifteen nude scenes: this would have kept me from nodding off every five minutes or so. Cousin Brucie Morrow's favorite flick, and that tells you plenty.
5|23999|simply fabulous! loved it! haley joel osment shows once more the amazing actor that he is - and hopefully will keep getting better! the cast - including teddy - is very well chosen. the story is magical and steven spielberg is at his best, doing what he does best - telling stories.
1|17113|Are you kidding me? Did you SEE this movie? I'm not sure where to start. And I'm not sure a movie this bad is even worth a long review. But I feel the need to do my civic duty and warn people who are thinking about renting this movie: DON'T MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I MADE! If you ever find yourself wanting to rent this movie, have a friend hog-tie you until you come to your senses. Really - this movie is awful. And it's not even awful in a funny way - it's awful in a boring, overly dramatic way. What was Tom Cruise thinking? His character (along with all the others) is just not likeable - nor is he unlikeable in a love to hate way. It's hard to enjoy a movie when you can't empathize with any of the characters. Poor Kubrick. How can the director of Clockwork Orange deteriorate so much? With a proper story and decent directing, the acting might have been OK. But Cruise and Kidman had nothing to work with. They put their faith in Kubrick, and he laid an egg on them.
5|13669|Whoopi's first and best performance. A touching movie performance, the best of it's time.
5|4982|Awsome plot funny,makes you crie its great
5|5444|One of the Greatest war movies of all time, and another masterpiece for the greatest director that ever lived. A masterfully directed WW2 movie especially the ending.
5|19422|This is the ONLY horror movie to ever cause me nightmares! The story of a writer who actually writes into existence his own demons. The twists and turns in this movie is extraordinary. Well deserving of a veiwing.... If you dare!!
5|16711|A pleasant and welcome return of Sam Raimi to films dealing with the supernatural. This in my opinion was on of the best films of the year. With blistering good performances from an all star ensemble cast, this movie really packs a heavy punch. Of course Cate Blanchette steals the show in an as always genious performance as a widowed mother of three young boys in southern Alabama(I think). She makes money by giving people Readings. She gives these by using a deck of cards that have different symboles on the face side. She starts to have strange visions during the day and while she sleeps that there is some foul play going on in her little town. This film is propleeled by it's great performance, uncanny ability to keep the story up to speed and thought provoking and its beautiful directing by a true master, Sam Raimi. The cast includes such talents as Greg Kinnear, Hillary Swank, Katie Holmes, Keanu Reeves ( exibiting acting abilities that must have been hidden for all these years) and the second best performance in the movie coming from a very under rated actor Giovanni Ribisi. His performance in this movie is captivating and very real. A well done, naturalistic murder mystery/supernatural thriller. HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. If you like brilliant acting, story telling and great film making treat yourself to a very good little sleeper.
5|16077|One of the best movies ever made. Cloris Leachman is unbelievable.
5|11718|Wife made me watch it with her. I confess, I liked it. Paltrow did a nice job acting the part of an average IQ person determined to rise from the ranks of her low-class upbringing. I liked her struggle and how she ended up as a pilot. Maybe because I have two daughers and a beautiful wife, I can appreciate a film that encourages women and girls to accomplish, have high standards, and behave ethically. Girls need this kind of role model. Wife says it's a girl power movie. I thought it was great!
5|10406|My favorite movie OF ALL TIME! The auditioning scenes and the You're bastard people scenes are genius. All the characters are hilarious, dim and clueless, but you find yourself loving them and rooting for them anyway.
5|14660|I thought the movie was excellent. It portrayed young adults working hard to achieve their dreams. This movie is highly recommended.
5|7535|Eddie Murphy and Dan A. are great contrasting characters, representing the haves and have nots in the eighties in a very comical view.
5|8606|this was one of the funniest movies i have ever seen. i was laughing so hard. if you enjoy pure comidies, you should watch this.
5|1150|A true Cold War classic! Sean Connery shines, Alec is OK, even Sam Neill had a good role. Me being in the Navy, I had to be partial to this movie as it keeps you on the edge of your seat.
1|21338|More trash from Moriah Carey. Get it through your skulls people, she can't sing!
5|8612|I love this movie!! I think it was so awesome..and plus it goes to show you, that women can kick ass too!! Sandra Bullock is awesome. I think ya'll really need to see that movie!
5|16063|This movie was astounding. The acting was exemplary both by Denzel Washington and James Woods, as well as the rest of the cast. The film brought on a great sense of suspense, keeping me on the edge of my seat until the very end (my favorite suspenseful scene is when John Q. is about to kill himself). This film really makes me disappointed in the American Health Care System itself. In the final analysis, another great performance by Denzel Washington, quite possibly the most diverse actor out there.
5|4028|Thankfully Pixar's deal with Disney is coming to an end so they can make great films without having that sickening Disney touch to it. I absolutely loved this film as did the seven guys who I watched it with did. The animation is out of this world and the characters are very funny. Do love the seagulls - 'mate, mate, mate....'
5|10412|Very, very funny.
5|5336|Heartwarming!A feel good movie.Gregory Peck does a masterful job in this film.I cannot believe it is rated this low.
5|2459|Oh yeah good movie
5|18728|Good!
5|10374|Extremly funny sequel.
5|5450|My favorite Hitchcock movie, and one of my top 10 all-time favorites. Well acted by everyone, even those w/ little or no speaking lines.
1|8383|Would fit right in with Boston Public with its crude style of humor. Watch Happy Days for some great high school comedy, but not this!
5|19436|Incoherent, yes - but sometimes that's a good thing. This movie still stands out as unique 20+ years later - even when compared to the sequels and rip-offs. The main message of this movie is hope. Hope that more determined youths can muster the resources to film their stupid ideas untainted by studio or even audience expectation. By basking in other people's creativity we become less afraid of our own.
1|15923|I actually am a man who likes well-done dramatic love stories, really LOL. But I am just like Elaine on Seinfeld, twisting in agony in my chair waiting for this yawner to end.
5|7247|A perfect comedic pairing for this movie. It's a classic for Thanksgiving. Who'd ever forget the line from the car rental agent, I guess your #@*%! I miss the talent of John Candy which will never be replaced. Watch The Great Outdoors too. Another favorite of mine.
5|8174|i thought rice a roni was the san francisco treat........it was, but they want to change their image
5|6159|I now enjoy watching older films to experience a different way of life. Refreshing. This film is exceptional with a wicked cast including the superb Donna Reed (criminally underrated actress and as charming and SEXY as ever) an excellent Montgomery Clift and a very funny guy in Sinatra. When the film concentrates on this trio it is a great example of Hollywood cinema at its most accomplished, unfortunately Burt Lancaster and Deborah Kerr also star in this. No offense, Lancaster is an adequate actor but he pulls off his lines with overwhelming hamminess and woodeness, which doesn't help when his character dialogue is so cheap and dated. Kerr is a great actress and does her best but her lines are terrible also. Those not used to films from the golden era may find this unintentionally hilarious to put it bluntly, but fortunately their little affair does not take up the majority of the film (and that music is so annoying). From Here to Eternity is not on the film same scale or spectacle as the cr@p Pearl Harbour with Affleck et al, lacking its action and explosions and explosions, but it is EXQUISITE film making and you really do feel for the characters (Lancaster and Kerr not included). See this forgotten gem and get ready for one of THE great films of the 50s. Or just see it for Donna Reeds and Monty Clifts spectacular performances.
5|14112|This is basically the only film where I can actually watch Jim Carrey - he's being an actor instead of a cartoon character and he pulls it off really well. The whole point of this film is to question just how much the media influences and controls us from day to day - to the extent that a media company adopts a baby and creates a false world for him and everyone in his life, friends, family and even his wife, are actors. It reflects how we get sucked into shows and believe the characters to be real. The plot is good with Truman realising that the world he is living in is false and he breaks free. This is a heartwarming film and definately teh best role of Jim Carey's career. 
5|17433|Long regarded as one of the outright masterpieces of world cinema,Renoir's 1937 anti-war film was the first in a foreign language to be nominated for the Best Film Oscar.Its tale of French soldiers in a World War 1 German prisoner of war camp was banned by Goebbels not for any anti-German feeling but precisely for the depth of its wisdom and its message of common shared humanity across national boundaries.Typically,Renoir conveys his message cinematically,without resorting to preaching or over-emphasis,the dialogue is intelligent as ever,the performances by a notable cast(including the great Jean Gabin,and the former famous director Erich Von Stroheim,whom many will remember as the butler in Sunset Boulevard)superb,and the plot itself never less than fully involving.Still a tremendous,inspirational and totally relevant film experience.
5|2317|my favorite movie. it won, i think, four oscars. it was made on virtually no money, and should therefore be an inspiration to the aspiring filmmaker of today. this film has, for my money, the best car chase ever shot, beating out steve mcqueen's masterful performance in bullitt, sheerly by force of hackman's incomparable acting. speaking of which, hackman makes popeye doyle, our hero, a psychological house of cards in a split second in the closing seconds of the film, not by snapping, but by merely continuing to do what he's done, which hackman's likable and warmly real presence has made seem inconspicuously happy until then. a pit bull fighting an aircraft carrier. the film doesn't win you with charm, which it has, with action, which it has, with almost grostesque humanity, which it has... it is simply, indefinably, a winner.
5|5478|Stark, stirring, and poignantly acted by a great cast featuring Henry Fonda and Jane Darwell in the lead roles as Tom and Ma Joad. Each of the supporting characters provide capable backing in a story that is heavy in it's somber mood as retold through director John Ford's interpretation of the Steinbeck classic. The characters are best captured through the expressions on their beleagured faces and director Ford's use of soundtrack and imagery. Fonda's sad, but determined farewll speech to Ma Joad near the end of the film and Ma's resolve upon it's climax provide two of the more memorable moments in film and are both rendered masterfully by these two fine actors.
5|4766|This movie is a beautifully animated fairy tale!! It's one of my favorite it's so BEAUTIFUL!!! 
5|11042|Loved it, Julie Andrews still as wonderful an actress/Actor as she ever was. Hope they utilize this talented actress more. 
5|15224|I loved this movie. It's better than the original Cinderella story, much more real. The characters come to life. Drew Barrymore is an excellent Cinderella. She's not one of those toothpick thin girls but a real woman-she has a shape and shows it. The costumes were wonderful and Anjelica Huston as the step-mother was great! A good find for the entire family to watch on a cold winter's night or afternoon when school's canceled.
5|22488|Isn't Blade Runner the most voted movie in this rating?? I have mercy of you, American guys. The most perfect movie of the history of cinema, with most perfect soundtrack, the most perfect performances, the most perfect setting, the most perfect screenplay, the most perfect scenery and I could go on.... The definite movie. 
5|13655|I love this movie since almost every movie whoopi goldberg plays a role in is great :-) However it is very sad but I like such movies
5|9242|Not only is this a film with all the trappings of a good romantic comedy (there's a little suspense, there's a few unexpected twists and turns, but best of all there's the certainty that it will all work out in the end), but it has the added value of being set in the 80s - Rubix cubes? New Coca-cola? Sweat bands? Bring 'em on! A really sweet film to cuddle up to, and some fun music along the way.
5|23796|I can watch it over and over again w/the same sense of satisfaction.
5|1178|This movie is great, it gave Sylvester Stallone his first break to be a shooting star. It also gets into the controversial idea of sacrificing your life for your country, but all the system does is shaft you in return.
5|13133|What a sad, sad movie but it shows one man trying his best. Though the scenes were so sad they could evoke bitter tears from the heart, it wasn't one in vain. This movie gives hope. It shows that even in the most evil things, there's hope.
5|9524|A great film totally recommended to anyone of any age. The first Rush Hour film was mildly entertaining only becuase of it's 2 main stars, but this was an extremely good movie. Chris Tucker is back as the wisecracking, high talking, bust your a$$, LAPD. And Jackie Chan once again is good as the tito of the duo. Defintiely a fine film to see, totally worth the money and time.
1|21310|Jennifer Lopez sucked back then as bad as she does now.
5|7509|I've seen it 20 times and could easily see it 20 more times. Great music, comedy, action, and a nice story to boot. And what a cast! Two fried chickens and a coke coming up! 
5|14884|great fim espacilly liked the dance seen in dance hall
5|4000|What can I say? It's a cute movie. The animation is great. Five stars.
5|17355|It s one hell of a movie. These things aren t made today. And that s a shame.
5|4014|One of the most brilliant things in this movie is the environment. The colors are just amazing, and they've got every detail just perfect- from the light reflecting off of the water to the smooth texture of the enemony where Nemo lives to the stuff floating around in the water. The plot is amazing too. A story about a young clownfish named Nemo with an over-protective father. They get seperated when Nemo is caught by a diver, and is taken to sydney. Nemo's Father frantically searches for him, and comes across a fish named Dory, who can help him find his son- if it wasn't for her short term memory loss. The two go through many obsticals, from nearly being dinner for a shark, to swimming through a field of jelly fish, all the while Dory cracks Nemo's Father of his fear of the ocean. Meanwhile Nemo is taken to a Dentist's fishtank, where he meets the Tank Gang which includes some interesting characters. In the end Nemo and Father are re-united and Father learns to be less cautious anout everything. This movie was both touching and Hysterical. The stars of the movie, Albert Brooks and Ellen DeGeneres were amazing. Albert was really good at deteriorating that joke....which is either good, or bad...and Ellen was just perfect at playing short-term memory loss.
5|390|One of the only good action movies that came out. Full of action that was non-stop throughout the movie. Lots of killing and gore. Good movie in all.
5|18072|What a bitch! If it were me when all was done and overwith I would've tortured the hell out of her.
5|14648|Me, being a dancer completely appreciated the movie. All those who said that the movie was missing a plot have to understand that difficulties it is to be a dancer. Even as a little kid they pick out every detail about you. They show that detail great in the movie. I personaly thought that this movie was excellent,and the dancing was awesome! There's this one part where they show Eva working hard on her dancing at night...and anyone who's a dancer can understand what thats like! Excellent movie! I totally reccomend it to any dancers out there...not too much for guys though...
5|13127|Not only is this an important film to see because of the subject matter - it is also a well-made, well-acted film. I've heard so many people say that the only reason why this movie won anything was because it was about the Holocaust, and how could you say you don't like a Holocaust movie? Well, a well-made film is a well-made film; social statement or not.
5|6603|Wow, lookit all the comments for this movie. Looks like it's up to me to say something :) This movie I found a real treat for pretty much everybody. As far as twists and turns go, you really can't do much better...although I never really did process who Cary Grant ended up being (Was it Thadius? It was Thadius, right?) Audrey Hepburn is particularly good in this movie and she pretty much makes it work. And I'm fourteen years old, so don't you tell me this movie's for old people! I highly recommend it and say go buy it right now!!
5|12239|Too many older folks, not enough Josh Hartnett! :)
5|14890|This may be the best movie of the year. No kidding....no exageration. The reality and social butality of the strikes in northern England were brought home with first rate acting and writing that was right on. A moving totally believable story with outstanding performances by actors I had never heard of before....see it.
5|9256|Another fantastic job by Mel Brooks. Rick Moranis is gold as the bumbling vilain, Dark Helmet.
5|6165|I am so happy to see this film listed! This has to be one of my favorite comedies of all time. Gable and Colbert are absolutely hilarious in this tenderhearted story of a couple meeting by "chance" on a bus, whom soon go through a measure of comedic circumstances, ultimately ending on a wonderful high note. Having been most familiar with Gables later films, its been a delight to have recently been able to see his earlier, comedic films. I thoroughly enjoy his pairing with Crawford, both whom had a natural zest for comedy, and in this movie Colbert and him make a wonderfully witty and delightful pair. If your in the mood to have a great laugh, take a chance on this, one of the best comedies to ever grace the silvers screen! 
5|18714|Wonderful retelling of the Dracula legend. With the exception of Keanu Reeves, the acting was exceptional. If only they had got someone else to play Harker. Oh well, you can't have it all. Anyway, the production values are wonderful, and the sets are unreal.
5|10348|Jack Nicholson really plugs you in (and what else would you expect?) to this heart-warming film. He plays this man who needs to deal with the inevitable circumstancs of age and retirement which suddenly befall him. Suddenly, he needs to find his way in a life that has become routine and taken for granted. It is sad and at the same time, comic, to see him stumble around in his new shoes. But the rest of the comedy depends on whether or not you're from the country and can roll with the punches. These country characters are over-the-top schlocky. If all else fails, Kathy Bates hot tub debut is fun. Hilarious at times, sad, ultimately uplifting, About Schmidt is a sweet ride.
5|2854|The best Bond movie ever. I loved it.
5|19185|geezes this was scary holy crap i find it hard to rent it man the guy coming out of the floor god
1|8630|I just can't seem to get into Adam Sandler's films. While he is a decent comedian, he can't act. And his films just never seem to have any cohesive plot to them.
1|23922|A movie for geriatrics. Old people who get a renewed vigor due to sucking the life force of a couple of unhatched aliens. This is supposed to be an uplifting film? Probably the biggest and worst oversight is that with all the renewed vigor, they still have thin, old, disgusting bodies they you to frolic with. Gross!
5|20704| The Sound of Music is a movie that tells the story of the Von Trapp family. It is so interesting because it is set in the time of WWII and the Nazi regime in Europe. Through beautiful music and the events that occur to Maria and the Von Trapp family, we see the sadness of their situation in Austria. So many people being forced to fight a war they did not agree with.
1|19472| Cute with alot of black comedy. Jason looked horrible and the movie wasn't too good at mixing fun and violence. I felt sorry for the re headed counsler who got splattered all over her cabin. See with friends. 
5|15967|You have to love dry, British humor to love this movie. I own it and never tire of watching it. It has a great story, and has the power to lift my spirits whenever I watch it.
1|16741|A group of five of us went to see this movie, and only one of us walked out liking this one. Not even the person who first suggested it liked it!! Matt Damon and Gwenyth Paltrow were absolutely wonderful, but it would have been even better had they had a good script to work with. The same thing happened over and over, and I think Mr.Ripley's personality confused even himself. It was mundane, boring, and the worst movie I've seen since The Crying Game !
5|9901|AAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! i thought this movie was sooooo funny! either way i just laughed the whole time. it doent even need a good story to it, i love movies that u dont have to try to unsolve anything. u can just sit there and laugh for like an hour or however long it is. i mean it was soo funny i laughed and all the other parts were so stupid it was funny so either way i lmao. it is worth seeing in the theatres.
5|22113|This has to be one of the most cleverly thought up sci-fi movies of all time (perhaps maybe star wars), the storyline was great and the special effects are in a class of their own. I can't wait till the sequel, the only probelm I had with the movie was the goofy love story between Neo and Trinity.....what a laugh.
1|11990|Loser was a bad movie. I was glad to go home. It was slow and not funny at all. I hate this film with a passion.
1|22396|The movie should be destroyed along with Conan......
1|1600|Hated this film as it was very dark and created a macabre feeling in the senses. Of course, that was its intention, but a disconcerting one nevertheless.
5|20076|I like it. This is different.
1|12255|Kangaroo Jack is one of those horrible films that is the perfect candidate for the Raspberry Awards. It's horrid to see these two hasbeen actors as a bunch of drunk buddies. It's always nice to see Christopher Walken, but he has no material to work with. The Kangaroo does not talk, with the exception of a long and obnoxious dream sequence which is an excuse to put the move over 80 minutes long.
5|21368|This has got to be my favourite Star Wars film. It's interesting to note that George Lucas did not write the screenplays or direct the last two films in the original Star Wars trilogy. This one was directed by Irvin Kershner.
1|11984|What was the climax of this stupid movie. Where Jason Biggs says the F word to shock the 9 years olds that were watching it? Or was it when Jason Biggs punches that dude in the library and then becomes this hero guy. This movie was definately aimed at 8-11 year olds so they can brag to there friends that they saw a PG-13 movie. It terribly falls flat. No jokes (or at least good ones), nothing new. Blah.
5|22661|I grew up collecting x-men cards and comic books, so when I saw the movie it was really exciting. I thought it was really good.
5|15973|An incredable story of Ron Kovac (Tom Cruise) a young boy who lives a simple catholic life and wants to fight in vietnam for his country. He goes over seas and ins up accidentally killing civillians and one of his own men. He gets his leg shot up and looses the feeling in them. from being neglected in the hospital breaking his leg trying to walk, and finding out he can't have kids he begins to loose his mind. months after being in the hellish hospital he returns home to a different home then he remembers. with all the anti-war protesting going on and the riots he begins to struggle mentally with all that went on in Vietnam.trying to look past what happened over there and his physical disabilities he goes off the deep end and has to get away from every thing that is going on in America. Ron goes to Mexico where he finds other veterans who are having the same types of problems and begins to disagree with what is going on over there, and begins to faces his fear and visits the home of the young soldier he accidentally killed. He begins to start protesting agianst the war and agianst Nixon In a climactic scene during a speech in the Presidental run. He writes a book after the protesting called Born on the Fourth of July thus were the movie originates. He states at the end during a debate supporting his book that it his the first time he feels like he's home. A magnificent movie, truly moving, deffinately one of Oliver Stone's best movies. Tom Cruise was AMAZING. (War violence, disterbing content, sexual content, and strong language).
5|9915|This movie to me earned every point it got from me. It's funny and every actor in this film played their part very well. Overall, the film should have the rating of 9 or 10. You would agree if you saw the movie (I see dead people).
1|10324|Terrible movie, I hated it and can't believe they made a second one. Jim Carrey is loud, obnoxious and not funny, more on the side of exaggerated and gross. I don't like movies that insult my intelligence.
5|22107|The best fightng special effets i've ever seen, and for a sci-fi movie the acting wasn't bad
5|3586|I believe this film has got bad ratings due to the fact it is a war picture - hence most people expect action, action, action and CHEAP melodramatic moments i.e. every soldier bites the dust during the course of the film except the main star(hmm Saving Private Ryan). This film is so much more. This is the first film I have seen from Malick and I must say he is an outstanding visionary. It is maginficently shot with its long sweeping shots and panoramic views. Expect a certain stillness and beautiful calmness to the cinematography, which complements the somewhat philosophical nature of the film. Do not expect the fast cutting, speeded camera of the MTV generation. Clearly Malick put his heart and soul into this film (his first for 20 years) to craft a profound, unforgettable and dreamlike piece of poetic art. Those who yearn something a little different, something with a little more intelligence will find that it is a film which resonates a sense of euphoria through the mind and soul.
5|19191|This is probably one of the greatest horror movies ever, and this is not an exaggeration. Not only does it have an intelligent story and some of the most gruesome horror effects, but well worked-out characters on both sides, which makes it superior to mere splatter movies like Friday the 13th series or films like Dawn of the Dead. That's what makes this film very recommendable to watch even more than once.
1|6609|Fiddler on the Roof is really, really lame.
5|7910|i loved ghostbusters movies... lovely 
5|15783|LOVE this movie. Johnny Depp and Penelope Cruz are amazing in this film. The ending was really sad, though. This movie was underrated and didn't get the credit it deserved.
1|18750|Just a rip off of Halloween and who knows what else. Boring tripe.
5|10823|One of the funniest movies I've ever seen. Period.
1|9512|bigger, longer, uncut, brain-dead, unalterated junk. given the rating it has by today's juvenile airheads, they make a great argument for total 'dicktatorships'. this movie came to us via the south end of a jackass going north....
5|145|Excellent film. No cheese in this film. Jodi Foster played a convincing investigator. The suspense was maintained throughout the film, especially the garage scene. You never knew what horrible Lector was going to say or do. I like the last line, I'm having a friend for dinner. 
1|1628|One of the most overrated films ever. The truth of the matter is that it's plotless, slow moving, pointless and boring with silly and unrealistic kung-fu choreographing. Stick with Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan. Absolute cr@p.
1|15512|Why is it that you could eat in the finest of restaurants and still have bad food? The money spend for this movie could have revigorated the economy of a small 3-rd world country.And what is the result?Love story between social classes?Yeah, very entertaining.A young Picasso on his way to America?Yeah, very realistic.A bad upper class vilain spiting on the heads of the poor?Pleaaassseee.....Ok the sinking of the ship was excellent,but who cares?Like I said, you can have crapy meals in the finest of restaurants.
5|623| The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist . Kevin Spacey is GREAT.
5|5861|A masterpiece.
5|12952|This was a really great movie with Morgan Freeman. The movie had a really good plot about the justice and jail system. Also, how he finally got out or escaped in the end was good. Also they showed how after men go to jail they have the jail mentality and do not know how to function in the real world.
5|22891|i thought it was really good.very entertaining imo
1|19328|I can't decide which is the worst movie ever made, this or Strangeland. The only good thing about this movie is that I got it with a free coupon, although I feel that I should have been paid to watch it. Don't waste your time.
5|8389|One of the best cheesy 80's movies of all time.
5|12946|This is my favorite movie of all time because it brings hope to the audience in anything they face. The main character is spontaneous and likeable. The movie has a very good climax and surprise to it. It is a feel good movie of the decade. Very inspirational.
5|22885|This movie completely ROCKED! once it comes out on DVD I'll probably watch it like 10 times!
5|13480|This is one of the most amazing movies of our (some of our) childhoods! It show a beautiful portrayal of four innocent boys. The acting is outstanding for these children. They were all around the age of twelve. They all had the lines memorized. This is a feel good movie that sure will get to you in that good way. You feel good for watching it. I just wish movies these days could have such substance. oh well.
5|19813|Pretty ok.
5|637|I have met R. Lee Ermy and he made that freaking movie. Outstanding! Now get off my obstacle!
1|12269|I haven't seen this but I was told that the message you get at the end is The joke is on you for paying to see this movie! Good one Tom....I guess.
5|5875|I'm not really sure why I like this movie. I've seen it many times, and still can't quite put my finger on it - like there's something underneath the surface of the script bubbling up from the sand of Arabia. Very homoerotic - it's an all-male movie, which I think is why they cast O'Toole, to give it a feminine edge. The Turkish bath scene and his rape are infamous, and were ahead of their time for their shock value and adult content. Lean turned a not-so-interesting story into a sweeping, epic, extravaganza. I lump this one with Bridge over River Kwai for dumb, arrogant Brits in foreign lands.
1|8618|Adam Sandler sucks!
5|10837|A very entertaining, Clue type movie. Hint: the Butler didn't do it!
5|151|This movie should be a classic! Not only is it scary, it is intellectual as well. The audience is lead throughout the movie with the use of psychological fear. Not to mention the award winning acting performances.
1|16769|Where's McGowan on this one?
5|14489|Almost Famous is the best movie I have seen in the last six months. This movie is strong in every element. The casting was amazing. The film gives a great view of the 70s rock and roll scene through the eyes of a young writer. I found the script very unmanipulated, and I never felt as though I was hit over the head with any point or emotion. I found myself in tears at one point in the movie and I was not sure why. I believe it was the sincerity of the story and the telling of it that moved me to tears. The most memorable moments were not words at all, but instead visual images that contained much power and emotion. I would recomend this film to anyone who can appriate a good story, a good cast, and a heartfelt experience.
5|7904|This is the most hilarious movie ever made about rock roll. They really capture the heart and soul of heavy metal in the 70s with a humor that even a nonmetaloid can relate to.
5|9929|I liked this movie because it kept me laughing the whole time. I liked the way they made fun of all sorts of movies, and I like the Wayans brothers.
5|6429|Easily Paul Newman's best role and best film!What we have hear is failure to communicate!One of the best lines in movie history.
5|1346|Quentin Tarintino really outdid himself with this seemingly low budget film. The storyline was great and i loved the jumping around between past and present. Heavey Keitel was the perfect choice for his part. One of the best films made in the last 10 years.
5|14462|Well acted and a great story. Made me very nostalgic for the early '70's just before the music business became too corporate. Phillip Seymour Hoffman was absolutely brilliant.
5|10604|THIS MOVIE IS SICK BUT ABSOLUTELY HILARIOUS ONE OF MY FAVORITE COMEDIES ESPECIALLY THE PART WITH HIS LANDLORD. COME ON,IT WASN'T THAT BAD .
5|3551|A very good movie the plot was great.
5|19146|The jumping out of your seat factor was low. But the effects were off the hook!!
1|24730|Crap crap crap crap crap crap crap. Even though this movie was supposedly action-packed, I was completely bored with this one. The characters were absolutely retarded and the directing was infantile. The writer must have forgotten to include a story when writing the script. Argh!!! The only thing that grabbed my attention was Angelina Jolie's boobs bouncing up and down when she moved. Kudos for that Stupid Guy Who Directed Tomb Raider. I wish there was more blood, but noooooo, we have to keep that PG-13 rating, don't we?
5|804|Riveting! This has gotta be my favorite film of all time.
5|5646|John Huston makes a great Heart of Darkness in reverse movie. My criticism is that Bogart always played the same character, and Kate Hepburn was always mildly annoying. What is fun is to compare Guide Us Now oh Great Jehovah, performed by Robert Morely and Kate at the beginning of the movie with the Welsh version, Cym Rhondda, sung by the miners in How Green was My Valley? The film is notable for being filmed on location.
1|12282|This was a comedy? I guess the joke was getting a studio to front the money for this wretched garbage.
5|1420|There are many great war films out there, but Apocalypse Now is certainly the greatest of them all. Although, technically not a war film, it deals with thoughts and ideas that could only be conjurred in the act of war, thus I classify it as such. This film showcases Francis Ford Coppola's director skills, even more so than his Godfather films (although that is endlessly arguable).
1|4977|I personatly wished Cats would win. They make much more fun(and NICER) pets than dogs in my opinion.
5|12775|It's muckraking...but it's first-class funny as hell muckraking. I love watching my pansy-president sit in front of children for several minutes (after he was told we were under attack) doing nothing. Talk about deer in the headlights. Did he care that he might be a target thus the children just might be in danger? Did he think to ask about his own family? It's just too easy taking shots at this guy. The movie was funny- and certainly far-reaching at times.
5|1434|This is my alltime favorite movie. I even liked it better than the book it is based on, Heart of Darkness, by Joseph Conrad. The music fit the mood of the movie perfectly, especially The End by The Doors.
5|14310|Exceptional. Very deep. Twisted. If you ever wanted to be virtually shashed by movie - go for it.
5|9068|The funniest movie I've ever seen. Spade and Farley's best movie, it's a shame Farley has passed on. A must see.
1|11947|It was so frikin predictable! there were only a few mildly amusing moments. three words people: oh dear god!
5|7045|Ferris Bueller's Day Off is the type of comedy that you just want to see again and again.
1|24724|A horrible overrated movie that was popular for Angelina Jolie's looks and nothing else. The plot and character development was one of the worst i'd ever seen.
5|810|I think this movie was excellent...Although it was a thriller type suspense...it was very well done...This movie can keep u on the edge of your seat all the way to the end! I remember the 1st time I saw this.. It was for my birthday with some of my friends....THe whole theatere was packed so we had to sit on the floor seats really close to the picture! I can remeber freaking out at certain parts (being the only one in the audience screaming..haha)... : ) I read some of the comments above and I noticed some1 saying how they neva showed wen Bruce Willis showered or ate...and so on...but I mean not every movie shows that...but come on even though this movie didnt show wen a person wasnt eating or sleeping it was showing the MAIN purpose of the movie...YA get me? Neway...every1 should go and c this movie..its GREAT GREAT GREAT!!! The ending really gets u thinkin wat a great movie ...THis was such a good idea for a movie...and the actors were just fantastic..One of the best movies I have ever seen! :o)
5|5652|one of the best movies i have ever seen! it had comedy, romance, drama, adventure...a perfect movie
1|13836|Saw it once; never want to see it again.
5|16261|I love karate. I am a martial artist myself. I like Daniel-son. He can give a damn good crane kick.
1|24042|This was a childish attempt at a movie. The plot was shallower and more cliche riddled than any movie every made. The graphics were not good as everyone claims, and definitely do not add to this piece of garbage. The movie is a bust and justly so is the joke of a company that made this.
5|3545|The best horror film in years!
5|8410|this movie is very funny theres not much i can say about it except that its funny as hell i think that was the best movie of 2004
5|12007|The ultimate date movie. This little-known laugh riot only lasted in theatres maybe one week before going straight to video and cable. Love Stinks makes Fatal Attraction look like a ride at Disneyland. The humor is raunchy at times--but every zinger is so intelligently written that you can't help but get absorbed by the chemistry shared between the beautiful, but oh-so possessive Bridgette Wilson and the nice guy pushed too far antics of French Stewart (from T.V.'s 3rd Rock) Of course, the true lovers of this flick will be the ones that have first-hand experience of bitter break-ups. 
5|13319|Saving Private Ryan was a terrific movie. Spielberg makes you feel like you are right in the war. The costumes, historical background are superb. The story about Private Ryan is a sad story. He lost all his brothers and I could never imagine, but it makes the viewer think.
5|1352|Quentin Tarntino is a genius. In his first major Hollywood film, he gathers an awesome cast to go along with his vague writing and creative directing.
5|18264|The Lost Boys has to be one of the best Vampire Films ever made. The cast is great. Keifer Sutherland and Jason Patric are great. The soundtrack to it is great. Death by stereo !!!
5|186|What an amazing film! Definatly in the top five movies of all time in my book. Mel Gibson did an amazing job acting and directing. has amazing epic battle seguences and an overwhelmingly inspiring. A story of an orphan boy that was raised byb his uncle. When the horrible king longshanks comes into power he is forced to fight for something he has never had FREEDOM. His will for freedom and his hate for the king drive him towards battle and inspiror his men. A masterpiece of a film full of felt emotion. ( rated R for strong graphic violence, language; 2 f-bombs, and sexual content including nudity.)
5|2673|I just saw Gone in 60 Seconds this last weekend. It is one of my new favorite movies and I even just picked it up on DVD. The chase scene is awesome and so are the cars. Great Movie!
5|10638|One of the funnest, and best shows of the year.
5|20923|Moulin rouge is my most fave movie of all! it is so innovative, it makes me sing, cry, dance and everything, it isan experience that cannot be forgotten ever!!! Ewan is hot, Nicole is so pretty, and zidler is hilarious. I LOVE IT!!!!
5|4202|Incredible movie! Love it! Completely family-friendly and stunningly-animated, the plot is great and original, with many jokes, but heartwarming at the same time. A great vocal cast rounds out this awesome picture. Along with outtakes, its another Pixar classic!
5|8438|This one was funnier than the original. Fat Bastard was hilarious. Mike Myers does a great job at performing as multiple characters.
5|6415|it's the only movie which justifies the love affairs of a man.
5|9726|MASH the movie was very good. The tv show was pretty good, but i think the movie and its ability to display things they couldnt show on tv give it a much bigger punch. As a movie, MASH is just one of those movies which will always be harmed, ratings-wise, by the political message it carried. I love the humor and the story of this movie and love to see it every time I can find it.
5|13331|Definitely a good movie. It projected a realistic view of what happened at war time, and how soldiers risk their lives to protect others.
5|23594|I still watch it every now and then - feels a little like Clockwork Orange for some reason...
5|12991|A movie that I think gets a overlooked when the greatest movies of the last 10 years or so are considered, but it definitely belongs in that discussion. Inspirational but never cheesy.
5|22852|IT ROCKED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5|6373|Roman Holiday is my favorite Audrey Hepburn film, although her best performance was in Breakfast at Tiffany's.
5|9040|One of the best sports movies ever. Funny and unsentimental. Major League borrowed from this like crazy.
5|13457|This movie was great, itmade fun of the army and vietnam while showing how easy it actually is to succeed in this country
5|15026|This is an awsome movie and one of my favorites. The cast was very beleivable. I think the blandness of Ryders character in the movie was meant to be that way in order to compliment Jolies wildness. Of course it was a little different than the book. Movies aren't as clear because they're not so black and white as books. That's the coolest part about the movie. We can see it differently. I don't believe these girls were as crazy as they wanted us to believe they were.I think more that they were just women who didn't want to follow the rules of the outside world. Maybe even the outside world would like to be as carefree as these women are sometimes but, we're afraid people will think we're crazy. I give the movie a 5 star rating because it's as realistic and crazy as this world we're living in. 
5|21383|The Best of the series!! 'Erg!
5|838|It was one of the scariest movies that I've ever seen in years. It gets in your head, mind and soul. It makes you think while you watch it unlike the other brainless movies out there.
5|4564|Classic. And Pig in the City is just as great.
1|24718|Don't watch this movie, waste of money. Don't rent this movie, waste of money. All the good scenes are already in the previews.
5|21397|Arguably the best of the Star Wars movies. It's alot darker and foreboding than the first one and it's alot tighter than it's predecessor too. It also has a very good shot at being the best science fiction movie of all time, if you ask me! Excellent movie!
5|18516|This movie has it all- intriguing plot, HOT guys, and lots of blood and guts. It keeps you guessing throughout the entire movie of whodunit, and most of the annoying characters get killed.
5|17625|This movie is the best! It's one of my favourites. It being about a dancing competition doesn't sound very appealing at first but this movie is more than just dancing. The relationship between the two main characters is sweet and you really want them to be together.
5|23580|Awesome movie, a real classic! One of my all time faves. This movie on DVD is a real pleasure to watch!
5|12985|And one of the best written scripts!
5|6367|Great movie to be in the same league as 'Ben Hur'.........
5|13443|This movie was a great drama flick. It was really interesting how he met so many presidents and showed up at so many memorable events in history.
5|7079|Quite possibly the best and funniest Mel Brooks movie.
5|6401|A film of enormous scope, breath-taking beauty and thought-provoking drama, The Searchers is THE movie for many people. Its influence is seen all over the films of such great directors as Spielberg, Lucas, Scorsese and Coppola. John Ford made many great films, but The Searchers is the one for which he will be remembered.
5|13325|I thought that SPR was great , I know that there are people out there that dont like seeing people getting shot in the head and seeing dead people but i thought that the film showed what really happined in WW2 and I think that it was just great :)
1|3956|Beauty and The Beast is one beast of a movie. It starts out really, really good but after one good musical numbers, 5 minutes have gone by and you are wondering, what the heck are we doing now...talking to teapots and candlesticks?
5|2667|What more could you want!? 50 sweet cars, great action, great actors.(go Cage!) THis movie is great!
5|192|Mel Gipson: great actor + great director = awesome movie
5|4216|Hey everyone! This is one of those nights where I can't sleep.. so I'm here sharin my opinion ...Well, Monsters Inc was adorable.. ya see, my friends and I went to the movies and well.. the only movie not sold out was this so we went to see it.. and we weren't sure what to expect, but surprisingly Im sitin there.. like Oh my gosh, Im gonna cry thats so cute! It was an adorable movie! The actors who played the voices are a few of my favorites.. Like Billy Chrystal.. he is ablsolutely hilarious and John Goodman... aww this big guy is too cute.. hehe I love them! The movie had a good plot and a cute ending.. And during parts in the movie, some of the background and stuff actually looked somewhat real.. It was pretty cool. Alright people I'm gonna go now.. and recommending all of you who are interested in cute family movies to go see this one :)
5|20670|Great music movie! It includes everthing, adventure, romance and some tragedy. This is a complete movie with fine songs that are unforgettable, I do somtimes sing "So Long, Farewell" when it is a formal parting. Truly one great true story with a lot of realism- I couldn't tell if the background hills are really a backdrop of Austria or just made up. One of the best movies these actors participated in. (Esp. for Julie Andrews, this should be the best.)
5|4389|Just a hint lower than KB vol. 1, but still great! Thanks QT!
5|22067|I Love this movie! I can watch it over and over again and not get tired of it.
5|7858|One of the great ones. As a comedy, I'd give it 4 stars b/c, to me, it wasn't hilarious laugh out loud funny, but as a movie in general it gets the full 5 STARS! As usual Nicholson does what he does best, he acts. Helen Hunt just seems so fake and she seems to over dramatize. Also in it is Cuba Gooding Jr. and Greg Kinnear who play their parts well. The dog is without doubt the best character in the whole story. He's just SOOO cute!
5|23379|Genius screenplay, beautiful cinematography, exquistite acting (particularly Mr. Carrey), phenomenal soundtrack. Everything comes together like a neatly wrapped packaged, although it may seem at some points to go off in several different directions. If you have an imagination, wonder if true love exists, and enjoy seeing moments on screen that have you reminiscent of some of your favorite moments in life, you will also say it's the best you've seen all year.
5|15813|This was great! It that actually mentioned God and used the Lord purposely throughout the movie.
5|24370|John Carpenter is truly one of the kings of horror!!! Roddy Piper has long been one of my favorite wrestlers. The chance to see him act could not be passed up. This movie might not be up to some peoples high standards, but to me, you rate a movie on the story, the acting, and the over all presentation. This movie has one of my all time favorite lines from any movie. I came here to kick ass and chew bubble gum....and i'm all out of bubble gum!!! Hell yeah! Kick ass, Roddy!
1|4618|I was very disappointed that the film did not follow the book, it lost Roald Dahl's magic touch, same with The Witches.
5|17962|I have this on DVD and it really creeps me out. Especially with the Demon's voice. I think it would have been scarier if they had kept the spider walk going down the stairs - now that really freaked me out!
1|24687| This movie is an insult to men everywhere. This movie makes it seem like the only thing keeping a man from being a rapist is getting caught. This movie is about a man who goes insane after being invisible for three days in a basement. So insane he decides to start killing his friends and co-workers. Wow! great idea for a movie! Great excuse to show some boobs! Makes me want to cry... 
5|18489|The movie wsa really cool. There was a lot of blood shed.
5|17976|The movie was scary. I couldn't sleep for weeks. They made that movie real. The makeup was sooo great. The posessed girl looked for real.
5|24364|I thought this was a hysterical movie. I haven't laughed that hard in a LONG time. I thought the movie stayed reasonably true to the book, though it's kind of hard to tell. (What with the way the book twists and turns it's way through the story) Marvin was perfect. They did Zaphod a little differently than I was expecting, and I don't remember him ever losing his second head, but it's been awhile since I've read the books. If you are a fan of the books, this movie is a must see!!!
5|1583|BEST MOVIE IN THE WORLD!!!! With Johnny Depp and Orlando Bloom it was sure to be a winner!!!
5|22715|I liked this movie a lot. It had a good storyline and the actors did a nice job. It has good potential for a sequel.
5|7694|it was a great movie
5|22073|Now this is a movie that had a bit of everything. Awesome from start to finish. Keanu Reeves was absolutely sensational in this flick...Two thumbs up!
5|20664|I LOVE Grease. That is the best song ever. FOr any occasion and every occasion, that song rocks the house.
5|9849|So good that I wouldn't dare try to quantify it. However, one thought that occurred to me was that all of the main characters in the story - the boy, Bill Murray, the woman - even the womans dead husband were all the same character, the same mind but in different bodies at different ages. To me it explained all of their attractions to each other.
5|7864|Another well done film with great character development, and great acting. Shows interesting relationships between characters. The filming is excellent and the film is entertaining.
5|52|The best of all-time!
5|10957|If only a girl could get by with out sex and only cholcate...
5|11491|Jennifer Lopez and Matthew McConaughey light up the screen in this delightful movie. The Wedding Planner is a fun-loving romantic comedy that's great for all audiences. Jennifer has a great sense of style and she brings it to the movie in full force. She plays Mary and did a wonderful job in her first comedic performance. Matthew is very charming and so funny. He did such a great job playing Steve. These two were perfectly cast for this movie. I've already seen this movie twice and still can't get it off my mind. I definitely will be buying this one when it's on DVD or VHS. Go out and see it. I promise you won't regret it!!
5|16498|The acting in this movie was beyond exceptional, some of the best I have ever seen. Leonardo Dicaprio was born to play Romeo, he made the myth real.
5|5915|This is where I picked up my love for black comedy. This and The War of the Roses are my favorite dark comedies. Never have two sweet old things made murder so laughable.
5|757|Brilliant!...From the beginning to the superlative ending. M. Knight's greatest success and his greatest failure, cuz now, everything he makes will be judged by the standard he set for himself in this movie.
1|12309|How this ever got to the theaters is beyond me. No bankable stars and a stupid plot. Black movies were set back by this garbage.
1|6033|Dr. Strangelove is an extremly boring and dull movie that was unimaginativly made, and Peter Sellers makes a total fool of himself. It's extremly dark and gothic, and it's just totally stupid.
5|17786|Another Stanley Kubrick masterwork. I could watch it every week and never get tired of it. The Overlook Hotel is the most menacing horror film set--no question. 
1|2255|one of the most idiotic, silly and unbelievable movies to become a hit ! truly terrible and if you think this is a good movie, that says a lot about you !!!
5|23423|Quite an exciting movie with Bruce Willis as the main character on his quest of saving the world. Nice plot and carefully chosen actors. The score is excellent for listening purposes.
5|12826|If you ever saw or even heard of ZAP comics, you need to see this movie! It follows the life of Robert Crumb and his family. It is the stuff you always wanted to know about America's Premier underground Comic writer.
5|15191|A fine family film if there ever was one. I didn't realize that Seabiscuit was as popular as he was until I saw this film. It not only leaves you with a good feeling at the end of the movie, it also leaves you wanting to know more about him. I went directly after the movie and bought Laura Hillenbrand's book on which the film was based just so I could read the complete story. I highly recommend everyone go see this, even if you're not a horse fan.
1|18142|I fell asleep halfway through this crap. It and the Exorcist are the 2 least scary movies I have seen.
1|19248|Terrible 
5|12832|I LOVE THIS MOVIE. It's so beautiful. This made me think that maybe there really is something beyond human about Ali. Like how they had been waiting for the wet season so long - then as soon as Ali knocked out Foreman, lightning struck and the monsoon started. That gave me goose bumps. Ali is a God. Great film. Great man. And to all the rednecks, racist, and right wingers in general, coward is the last thing he was. Not fighting a pointless war for a f&cking crook makes you a hero, not a coward. The film was very well made though. And the story is better than fiction.
5|22729|this is the best movie I have EVER seen. Has great effects and a drmatic (but funny) plot line I am going to bye it when it comes out on video/DVD. see it now!!!!!!!!
5|21220| Gypsy is a great musical starring Natalie Wood as Gypsy Rose Lee and Rosalind Russel as the mother. They made a later version with Bette Midler, but this one is clearly the better one. 
5|5901|Yes, you guys are on the money! Top 15 of all time! Jimmy Stewart and Hitchy are amazing! And Ruby, is there something wrong with a director being an artist!!! You quote artist like its a bad thing. Do you go out to movies just to get a quick laugh or scare or go to be entertained and think films that try to be art are stupid????? Well they are! J/k, to criticize a film for being artistic is absurd. 
5|743|I really enjoyed this movie because I love U.S. History. I think this was an excellent movie because it tells the story of the Revolution from a side that most people have no idea about. It is a moving film that aquaints many Americans with a truth that many try to hide- we destroyed Native Americans.
5|46|Who could not like any of the Indiana Jones films? This role suits Harrison Ford down to the ground, cheeky, moody and a good sense of humour - the action scenes are great and the script is really good. Great family film. 
5|20658|No other music movie of the last twenty-five years has had such an enduring impact. With my older sister playing the record over and over when I was a kid, I learned the lyrics to the entire soundtrack and can still sing along to every song. The acting is strong and the singing excellent, particularly considering that it was actors who did the singing. If you get a chance to check out a stage production of Grease, do yourself a favor and do so. You'll recognize most of the songs, but there will be a couple which will be new.
5|11485|I loved this movie! It was sooooo sweet, just in time for Valentine's Day! I saw it on Sunday, and I Would gladly see it again. I bought the soundtrack, and it rocks too! This movie is so cool!
5|20880|One of the best films.
5|13292|Saving Private Ryan was the greatest war movie. Steven Spielberg has outdone himself . This is one terrific film. Spielberg makes you feel the chaos of war, and let you know how it was. The filmis unforgettable especially the first 30 minutes, where they renact D-day. That was the most realistic combat scene ever. That scene redefined the phrase WAR IS HELL!!! With the images of soldier lying on the ground with spilled intestines, a soldier losing his arm, and picking it up, another soldier getting his leg blown off. The movie also had a moving story line with Tom Hanks leading his squad of seven soldiers to go behind enemy lines and save James Ryan, the only survivor of 4 brothers who were fighting in the war. If you have not seen this movie yet, you need to. It is a great film, and it is destined to become a classic.
5|9685|this was a GREAT movie for kids consitering i am one. anyways i love the part when buddy says these tolites are ginormiss that was funny!
5|13279|Should have won Best Picture Oscar over Shakespeare in Love. Pathetic moment in Academy Award history...
5|16301|Geat movie. It almost made me cry. I saw this with my church. My freind laughs at anything. This time he didn't laugh, he cried. I thank Mel Gibson for making this movie.
5|19032|Am I the only one that noticed Stephen King wrote the original short story? *rage!*Yes Johnny's a great actor but the story was adictive and the ending was amazing!
5|5054|C'mon. See it with your kids. I did. They laughed all the way through it and I must say, it was contagious. For those complaining about wasting their 7 bucks or walking out of the theatre...I hope you have a miserable time camping out waiting for the new Star Wars movie to open. You buncha GOOFY GOOBERS!!
1|9499|can you say 'stupidity'??? This has got to be the worst animated movie of the century.
5|5732|I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5|11308|now me i have never liked the cartoon show that is out on tv but i went to see this movie on my best friends birthday and i thought that it was an awesome movie. I think the only little flaw in the movie was at the end when it turned out to be scrappy doo that is the bad guy. I think that he should not have been the bad guy. That i think is the only flaw in the movie 
5|16467|A TRUE INTERPRETATION! SHAKESPEARE WOULD BE PROUD!
5|19754|I always liked this movie. No one gives The Blob creature enough credit, though. It must have had supernatural powers. You see, it was so slow-moving that a snail or an earthworm could have made a quick get-a-way. But, the human victims froze in their tracks...too paralyzed with fear to even inch backwards and, thus, met their fate...alien aspic...
5|3343|I personally loved this movie. It is incredibly underrated. Outstanding performance by Jet Li. Aaliyah also was good in this. Awesome action and should belong on the top 20 of any movie list.
5|8216|Very funny movie.I Laugh so hard I woke the whole house up. It was very late at night, when i watched it, I was crying i was laughing so hard.
1|11827|Very poorly done.
1|16190|WOW! What a stinko! This movie was praised as being entertaining. That tells you where Hollyood has gone. I guess anything that isn't a remake of a 1950s movie, or a sequel, is considered original and therefore good. Hollywood needs scriptwriters bad! The person who wrote the sreenplay for Lost in Translation probably didn't even graduate from High School. This movie is simply awful.
5|1554|L.A. Confidential is a pretty recently released flick that is now one of my personal favorites. A movie masterfally directed with a steller cast including Kevin Spacey, Kim Basinger, Danny DeVito, and the Marvelous Russel Crowe. A must see for everyone.
1|11833|Tried to watch this but I could not bring myself to do it. How bad can a movie get this was truely terrible.
5|12615|I thought this movie was excellent. I had the pleasure of seeing it with some people who hadn't seen previews so they had no idea what was going on...but of course those of us who did see the previews pretty much had it ruined for us. But nonetheless its still a great movie with a lot of action and of course, the lame one liners...but you can't have an action without lame one liners right?
5|8202|I think this movie is great. It shows many interesting scenes and another laugh is always waitning near by
1|20436|Atually,I'm a big fan of TBWP...After watched the first TBWP,i always try to find the conclusion.I think all of you,want it too.Is that right?Suddenly, when i heard the news 'bout the next blair witch(BW 2),my heart start pushing me to buy the movie....But finally,after watching the BW 2....i felt regret... It is because the movie is sick...suck.It just wasted my money. Before buying the movie..i think that the movie will start at the Rustun Parr's house but is not.i would like to suggest that the next BW will continue from the Rustin Parr's house and make a conclusion(whatever it's true or not).Keep up a good work.... 
5|2049|GOOD THRILLER MOVIE. I WAS ON THE EDGE OF MY SEAT THE WHOLE MOVIE. I SCREAMED, YELLED, WEPT, CRIED, BIT MY TONGUE SO MANY TIMES. EVEN THOUGH YOU KNOW WHAT WAS COMING. AGAIN, I COULDNT SLEEP BY MYSELF THAT NIGHT. HAD FUNNY PARTS TOO.
5|5726|I remember seeing my mother closing a book just after she had finished it. Misty-eyed she said to herself, Now that is a great story! It was Gone With the Wind. I decided to read the book and I found it great. Then the movie came along as a re-release (back in the early 70's when they still did that sort of thing)The movie wasn't exactly like the book, but it was still a great film experience for me. It was filmed during the height of Hollywood's golden era and there was a perfect character actor for each role. Will that ever happen again? GWTW is an eternal classic and Vivien Leigh deservedly won that best actress Oscar, As God as my witness...I'll never be hungry again! During the Atlanta fire, I swear I could feel the heat on my face while sitting there in that theatre!
5|4438|Claymation features from the creators of Wallace and Grommit. Zany British humor is amusing for kids, yet sophisticated enough for adults. Best sequence is the great escape from the chicken pot pie making machine.
5|964|Jaws is a good scary movie which has scared me since I was a kid. The fact that something like a big shark is in the water scares most people. The movie has much suspense and violence.
5|3357|The first movie made in the U.S. with Jet Li. The excitement of Jet Li's movies combined with the real life experience of modern Oakland makes this movie great. The special effects are some that are both exciting and gruesome. Russell Wong and Jet Li's fight scene is perhaps one of the best in any movie I ever watched.
5|1226|One of the greatest movies of all time. I found my self puzzled and thrilled. There is a never ending climax to this movie. The plot, and story line is great. Amazing actors and acting take this film from a story board and turn it into a real in your face sort of movie. Great movie, deff. worth buying or renting. -sliptodd- 
5|6549|Barbara Stanwyck in here greatest role, and she was not even nominated for an Oscar, unbelievable!! I cannot understand why no one else has voted for this great film, my favourite comedy of all time!
1|20350|Horrible.
5|3419|I wrote this review on August 11, one month to the day of the terrorist attacks, and I think it stands even more true today: How quickly we are willing to criticize something that we did not create, a work of art belonging to another--but isn't that human nature? To judge a book by it's cover, a musician by a single song, and a person by his or her physical appearance. And didn't we do the same for Pearl Harbor? Didn't we, the public, see the posters, read the reviews, and then spurn the epic tale off as another Titanic? Yes, I was reluctant to see the movie. I didn't want to sit in the movie theater for three hours, and I didn't care to see another war movie. But Pearl Harbor turned out to be so much more. How can you say you hated the movie, when saying that makes it sound like you hate a part of our history as Americans? The movie inspired such a feeling of patriotism and allegiance in me that the American flag is now something more than just a piece of fabric--it is a symbol of what our country fought for, what our soldiers died for. I cannot believe the apathetic, unconcerned public when it comes to this movie. They read the critic's reviews, and like the lemmings that they are, did not care to form their own opinions of the film. They only sat back and let the film take a plunge in box office sales. Yes, it had beautiful movie stars in the leading roles--but I ask you, what movie doesn't? And yes, the story was a love story--but also wasn't Titanic? And yes, the beginning is a bit slow and each character is introduced--but if they weren't, would we really care if they got killed during the bombing a little further into the film? Pearl Harbor is the most moving, heart-rending film I have ever seen. I cried throughout the movie, ashamed at myself for never realizing what those unsuspecting people went through that terrible morning almost sixty years ago. I'm still ashamed that I could have so much apathy toward America's history, as inaccurate as some may say it was in Pearl Harbor. But, really, don't all historical movies have some kind of inexactitude? If they didn't, they would be a documentary--rather than a fictional--film. Every actor in Pearl Harbor is talented beyond belief. Kate Beckinsale, Cuba Gooding, Jr., Josh Hartnett, Jon Voight, Dan Aykroyd, Ben Affleck, James King, Tom Sizemore, Alec Baldwin, and the thousands of extras helped to bring the movie to life. I admire all of them for standing tall even when the public tried to shoot them down. It is my belief that every movie you see touches you in some way, and changes our existence in ways that we don't always notice right away. They change our entire outlook on life, making us more sensitive and changing our goals and convictions. Pearl Harbor is one of these life-changing films--it made me a better person in numerous ways, through intensity and patriotism, through awareness and realization. God bless the cast, Jerry Bruckheimer, and Michael Bay for making me more humble and finally showing me, even with all the the glitz and computer imagery, that I should be forever proud of my country. 
5|21591|Almost as good as the book!
5|11452|One of the better independent films. I couldn't stop laughing the first time I saw it, and for no reason! The second time it was just as great. I think only some will appreciate the slow, smart humor.
5|5068|awesome movie. i have loved since i was a mere babe. the whole concept of warrior turtles is just incredible.
5|91|No wonder this film sweeped the board at the Oscars. Hopkins is fantastic in this. His stone cold stare is chilling in itself. The Hopkins/Foster partnership is gripping. Excellent plot and well written. The other lambs prequel and sequels haven't quite cut it for me. This film will have it's place at the top of the all time greats forever.
5|18310|I saw it when I was 12 and couldn't sleep for a week. Good movie. 
1|3836|Utter crap. I've seen better wrasslin' promos.
5|6561|James Dean is a God!
5|13245|Dustin Hooffman was fantastic! I don't believe anyone else could've played that part as well.
5|9652|if people don't like this movie, they don't know what funny is.
5|15634|I love this movie. 
5|22926|stanley kubrick is great. this movie is weird but it was great
5|1568|Great fun! Didn't expect it to be such a ride! I even liked Johnny Depp in this. He's a great actor if a little bizarre sometimes.
5|794|This movie was freaky. I didn't want to be alone for days! Ahh, I still think of it and get freaked out. The thing that makes this scary is that we don't know if it could actually happen! It was brillantly done. I didn't even know the ending until it happend, it was such a twist! I recommend it to anyone that likes to be scared.
5|17745|I'd have to say that this could be the best horror movie of all time. I love the whole Michel Myers thing. This is a classic. I havn't seen a really good horror film in a while and even though this movie is befor my time, i still loved it. More horror movies should be like this. It's exciting and heart pounding throughout the movie. I am forever an original Halloween Fan
5|4410|Sherk 2 was better than the first one.
5|2075|Who knew a movie filmed inside a bus would be so great?
5|17751|John Carpenter does an excellent job of setting the mood in most of his movies. You feel like you are part of the action on the screen rather than just sitting in the audience watching a movie. If you liked this movie, check out some of his other movies, like The Thing , Escape from New York , or especially Assault on Precinct 13 . Too bad he hasn't made a decent movie in years. :(
5|958|I tend to be completely fascinated with sharks in the first place, but, honestly, who wouldn't like this movie? It still raises fear in many people. The special effects were great for that time. It makes me practically speechless.
5|11320|This is an absolute classic.
5|17989|Hands down the best horror film of all time. It is a smart scary movie, one which gets into your mind instead of just getting you to jump here and there. This will linger with you for a long time. I still get chills when I hear the theme music.
5|4404|better than I thought it'd be.
5|15146|Brilliant movie. It shows what a discipline can do. We need more Coach's like Coach Carter in our high schools and colleges. A few in the workplace would not be a bad idea either!!
5|6213|Far superior than most movies ahead of it.
5|14258|This movie sets an example all families should follow if their son, brother, etc. comes out to them. I was touched by their acceptance and it pains me when I hear from other gay men I know how they have been shunned by their family. I was immensely touched by this movie as many others were.
5|13251|This was a beautiful story about a guy learning to deal with a difficult situation and learning to love his brother. I learned a lot about autism. Very entertaining.
5|8558|Very funny. Sandra Bullock and Benjamin Bratt are great. Nice to see William Shatner in something other than a Star Trek uniform.
5|16329|Mel Gibson made a lot of people think in this movie. All the blood was for a reason, it just portrays the tremendous suffering that Jesus went through to save us all from hell. Jim Cavaziel (sp.?) did a tremendous job showing the fatigue and the agony of Jesus. Everyone in the theater who was watching was too stunned to get up until the credits were over. I did find out the name of the chiropracter in the movie because of this.
5|21585|Brilliant!
5|11446|I loved it so much!!! i am counting down the days until the DVD comes out in DECEMBER!!! WOO HOO, you all go out and buy it ok? Give it up for Napoleon and Pedro...I wish he was on the election ballot, i woner how many people would have voted for him?! haha.
5|4362|fun for parents and kids.
5|10758|The funniest movie is recent years.
5|18304|The first nightmare takes the cake! The kid being drug across the ceiling was fabuloso! Also the girl in the body bag being drug through the hall of the School during the day! This still scares the living s@#t out of me , and I have seen a ton of horror films in my 38 yr.s this is the best to date...Just don't go to sleep!
5|569|Latima duma Kaizer Soze! I loved the bulletin board scene that tied everything together. Verbal's scene right afterwards just makes the film (although the telling of Kazier Soze is pretty damn cool too). 
1|15880|I don't think that they should of re-made this movie. It's a classic and should have stayed that way. I hate when classic movies are re-made it shows a total lack of creativity. Plus, they changed the ending so now it's not as good. I don't recomend this film, see the first one instead.
5|13906|Rocky is my favorite movie b/c it gives me inspiration for life.
5|24172|One of the best sci-fi movies so far. Well directed and good visual effects. Something which has created a knowledge about space in my mind. Something close to reality.
5|24614|The best movie ever made in the history of movies along with the original and Star Wars. Unforgettable lines, twists, and characters fullfill this movie to its best.
5|22265|A great, great sci-fi movie. How cool was Schwarzenegger as the unstoppable killer robot from the future? I remember reading somewhere that Arnold was offered the role of either the hero or the villan in this movie, and, against the advice of his friends and managers, he decided to be the villan. Turns out it was the smartest move he could have made. Schwarzenegger's acting is so terrible that he plays a semi-human robot to perfection.
5|11877|hilarious watch it. do it do it
5|20472|Great 3-d movie filled with symbolism and intrigue not normally found in an IMAX film. Wonderful experience.
5|21778|Orlando Bloom stole the show and made me jump out of my seat and cheer when he slid down the stairs while firing off arrows at hapless orc and then proceeded to separate some heads from some bodies when he reached the bottom. This film only betters the formula established in the first film. Gollum is a top notch performance. That character made me lauch and tremble and even feel sorry for him. He was brilliant. I hope this trend continues into the third film.
1|12645|. . . this is one of those ones where you're gonna either love it or hate it. I'm in the latter camp. Okay, so I haven't seen Rob Zombie's previous move, House of 1000 Corpses; I did figure, Yeah, this is probably going to be a little bizarre, violent, whatever, I can deal with that.. Besides, my husband really wanted to see it. He's the type who likes that bizarre stuff. I can deal with violence. But I don't appreciate POINTLESS violence much. I mean, really, there wasn't really much of a plot: Crazy possibly-imbred psycho family gets hunted down by equally psychotic sheriff. Yeah, whatever. If you're fairly sensitive to depictions of sexual violence, yeah, this movie DEFINATELY isn't for you. It was just one scene, but I seriously actually wanted to vomit. (Which is a feat, there's only one other movie that made me want to throw up; this movie also has the distinction of being one of the few that I've actually wanted to walk out of). And, what's worse, people in the theater were LAUGHING. WTF? I don't know what I was disgusted at more, the movie or the people in the theater. Okay, so that's my fault; I should've done some research before walking into the theater, I'll take full responsibility for that one. I don't really care if this movie pushed the extremes on violence, nudity, and profanity: yeah, it's never been done before, but it doesn't make it GOOD. If you're okay with all that, go ahead and buy the DVD, knock yourself out. At least I know better now to skip any future Rob Zombie flicks. 
5|20466|SHARKS ARE JAWSOME!!
5|5281|One of the greatest films of all time. So entrenched in our society that we forget it's a movie. But it is, an important one to our society and culture. Also, Dark Side of the Moon goes along with it. And that's awesome.
5|6788|All sorts of great, british, odd, witty fun!!!!! You really will laugh unless you have no sense of humor or are terribly boring. There are so many good one liners and puns I can't even tell you. The best scenes are Galahad the pure, run away, and the little troll man at the bridge. Great movie and it comes highly recommended.
1|2719|Will someone please stop Banderas before he acts again!!
5|22271|Great movie. Captured the comic tone while developing the Kent / Lane romance, and it was a nice twist to see Supes go through Hell and back to appreciate his powers and put his dalliance in the proper perspective. A great movie. I wish the Spiderman / Hulk / Batman / XMen directors paid more attention to the first 2 Supes movies - they might've learned something.
1|3407|Dude, the Japanese are bombing us and stuff!That's not cool at all! Save for the excellent attack scenes, this mega-bomb of a film is simply wretched. I'm sorry, Ben. You cannot act. Grimacing is not the universal emotion. The politically correct re-telling of Pearl Harbor is any more offensive considering 11 September. What a waste. 
5|1959|This movie was also extremely scary. Robert DeNiro was also excellent as a psychotic killer. I still check under my car and in the back seat before I get in it at night.
5|23609|i'm rating this movie just because it was cool, and i want to attach my name to it somehow. everyone you've ever seen who wears black all the time will love this movie forever, because it is a forum for for hideous, fascist, dehumanizing behaviors... which all stop in the end! yes! did i mention that? good prevails! okay, then. like 'strange days', this movie is based on the false premise that memories can be implanted in human minds. nonetheless, its value as fantasy escapism is unparalleled, as is its imagery and directorial finesse. also, jennifer connely is easy on the eyes.
5|4821|I normally don't enjoy disney's politically correct view of the world, but I found myself actually laughing out loud during this film. This is quite possibly the best disney film ever made.
5|18847|A classic for any horror buff. The effects were nice , the story line is nice also. The actors were pretty good too. 2 boys take a trip to england, they are on the outskirts of town, in the middle of nowhere, they see a pub and go in, inside they asked what the star on the wall was, and the People at the pub they went ape $hit after that and sent them out, and one of the boys David gets attacked by a warewolf and turns into a warewolf on the next full moon, and the other boy Jack gets killed, David then see's Jack later and he is of the undead until David is killed and the warewolf line is severed. Watch it, good movie
5|1971|They use this script as part of the required text in screenwriting classes. 'Nuf said.
5|15393|I think this movie is very good. It was very well made and has a great plot.
1|20807|There must have been some sort of mass hysteria in Hollywood when the powers that be annointed this dog as a great movie. It isn't even good. Thank God I saw it on video and not in a theater or I would have walked out. A crashing bore.
5|4809|Many claim Beauty and the Beast or Snow White to be their favorite tradationally-animated Disney feature. I, on the other hand, choose The Emperor's New Groove. Certaintly able to be described as an atypical Disney film, this one ditches the emotional plot and sappy music to focus on out-and-out humor. The voice cast is quite talented, but Patrick Warburton shines through as the enjoyably-inept Krunk. With smooth animation, the feature has snappy dialogue. The best humor comes from moments where the fourth wall is shattered with style. More movies and TV shows should break the fourth wall and play with the sense of reality!
1|6231|I know I should be critical of the film for it's cinematic value as well as historic place in cinema but...I can't get through it. It offends my squeamish bone.
5|555|keeps you guessing the whole time 
5|11693|Thatv was so00o funny! especially wit Chris Rock in it! He'S dA BoMb!! i LoVe RiChArD 4 lYf!!!!
5|21750|You won't be disappointed. In fact, I believe this movie far exceeded my expectations. A perfect ending to the Lord of the Rings trilogy, The Return of the King, excellent performances, almost-flawless CG, and breathless cinematography complement the epic story beautifully. Like the others, it's a long movie, so it probably wouldn't be a good idea to buy the super-mega-value-sized drink for this movie. (NOTE: The following may contain spoilers; if you don't wanna know, stop reading here.) The segment that showed the evolution of Smeagol/Gollum was a great introduction. Being as I didn't read the book, I particularly enjoyed Eowyn's role in this installment--after seeing the second movie, I didn't think she'd really come into play. The battles, though didn't quite compare to the second movie's, were absolutely great. It's difficult to find flaws in this movie. An absolute work of art. (Note: I didn't read the books yet, so I don't have any comparison between the novels and the movies. This review is based solely on the movie.)
5|233|I really enjoyed Braveheart. I think it was very wel written and directed. I also enjoyed the fact that the story was true and was actually filmed in Scotland. Although the fight scenes were very bloody and graphic, I think that was a necessary aspect in portraying the truth behind the story.
5|13084|This is one of the best moives of our time-a beautiful, painful and honest look at the biggest horror in history. Spielberg is genius whose heart shines through the entire movie. Marvelous actors like Liam Neeson and Ben Kingsley just break your heart. It is impossible to not be moved by this film.
1|2731|sucked
5|8955|As with 'Liar, Liar' I roared with laughter
5|23147|A beautifully composed Jim Henson film with all the easy to love characters and good morals that have graced his other films. This movie is especially terrific because its plot brings a young girl through a 'Hero's journey' and inot maturity with witty and insightful looks into that actual process of development.
5|6978|One of the great movies of the eighties, up there with Risky Business and The Breakfast Club.
1|17715|This is soooooo stupid!
5|14933|Every citizen of this once great country should be required to watch The Patriot. The movie brilliantly demonstrates why we have the 2nd Amendment in the Bill of Rights of our Constitution. Too many people have sacrificed everything to make available the freedoms we enjoy today. The forces at work to take them away from us must be stopped in their tracks. As far as historical accuracy, read about the Battle of Cowpens. You will find that the historic Battle of Cowpens was a much more one sided victory for the Continentals than the movie suggests! 
1|2725|I would normally never have watched this movie, but I was on a bus in Mexico and it happened to be the in-route movie. Long before it was over, I was hoping to be one of those stories you hear about where a bus in Mexico collides with another, or perhaps hurtles off a cliff. I knew how Oedipus felt when he blinded himself--and all he had done is slept with his mother; I had to sit through the length of this absolutely worthless drivel passing itself off as entertainment. I honestly don't understand why this movie was popular with anyone other than the most dedicated masochists.
5|23153| you remind me of the babe. what babe? the babe with the power. what power? the power of voodoo. who do? you do! do what? remind me of the babe... 
5|8799|Unless you're a Waiting for Guffman fan or a Spinal Tap fan (both is even better), or at least seen these two films, I honestly don't believe you should see Best in Show. The incredible Christopher Guest is amazing in all three, and the fact that for Guffman and this they only had about 10 pages of script is phenomenal. The improvisational skills of this cast is unbelieveable.
5|14927|The bottom line is this, if you are a fan of Braveheart, I am confident you will enjoy this movie. If you are looking to learn something about the Revolutionary War, take a history class at your local University. The Patriot is not a documentary, nor was it advertised as such!
5|11687|This movie was hilarious with a nice plot off of the first movie. It could've had a little bit more action, but the action already in it was sufficient enough to keep most from complaining. Sandra Bullock was priceless!
5|227|Braveheart is one of my most favorite movies. It is a quality action thriller. It is long, but there is never a dull moment. I loved the story and the character Mel Gibson played. He was the perfect guy to star in the movie.
1|12679|Is 'Superbabies: Baby Geniuses 2' stupid? YES! Perhaps the stupidest film to come out in a long time, the idiots who gave the go to make a sequel out of the originally lame 'Baby Genuises' ought to be tarred and feathered for wasting millions of dollars on such worthlessness. This movie, like its predecessor, has no humor- nor does it have any real meaning to it. This movie, in short, is a disgrace almost as bad as the total failure of moviedom from years back: 'The Jerky Boys Movie'. Perhaps the only positive thing about this movie is that it can't possibly be as bad as 'The Jerky Boys Movie'. But it comes fairly close.
1|9670|The title says it all. The plot makes no sense, the jokes aren't that funny, and the jokes REALLY aren't funny. The ONLY funny moment was Both of them? Maybe if I enjoyed that genre I would've enjoyed the movie, but I DIDN'T.
1|15116|junk. it is a tour of what goes on around brilliance, but it never actually portrays any. this leads me to believe that it's writers, are also, not brilliant. it's a smoke screen. you hear about how great the kid's book is, but you never hear or see any great writing. you see marilyn monroe's old jacket. so what? at the end, michael douglas says, oh, and crabtree? he's still busy being crabtree. huh? crabtree (downey) got virtually no exposition. what is that statement exactly supposed to mean to us? beats me. oh, and there's a dead dog in a car trunk at one point. now that's wacky. i hate to give such a low rating, but this movie is pushing for all that it can to be some kind of dead poets society, and it simply has none of the substance which in such movies is essential. i can't believe people get suckered by this kind of obvious hype. it's a waste of time.
5|10599|If you like silly movies you will love this film...it's a keeper!
5|17590|This is my second all time favorite the other is Lawrence of Arabia. I must find out who owns the real Chocolate Labrador. DOC 
5|541|I recently saw this again on TV and I had forgotten how great this film was. Even though a lot of it was cut out due to profanity, it reminded me that I need to rent it again and soon. In terms of mob movies, this one ranks just a hair below Godfather and Godfather II. Joe Pesci was at his psychotic and comedic best and his performance provides enough of reason by itself to see this film. The movie's climactic scene is shot superbly. I've never done cocaine, but after watching that scene, I have a pretty good idea of how I would feel.
5|21022|this movie is definetly for pink floyd fans
5|15387|i think save the last dance was a VERY good movie!! it had all the sweet romantic things a long with the fighting sences all the guys like!! if i had to, i would watch that movie EVERY day!!
5|23635|Excellent movie!
5|1756|By far the best piece of film to come out this year. Originality is something rarely seen in Hollywood anymore and this has it.
5|6039|My favorite Kubric film. A cold war satire that entertains even today. Hilarious through and through.
1|20620|Please, hand me the air-sickness bag. A stupid turd of nostalgia featuring two of the absolutely worst leads ever to disgrace the screen. Olivia Newton-John sure looks good in this one, but as usual, sings like she's got a clothespin on her nose. John Ravolta puts in another oily and unconvincing gooch performance, singing like a frog in rut, and twitching around in that disconcerting manner of his. The songs are juvenile claptrap. The dancing is predictable and hardly memorable. The script is moronic. Otherwise, this is a great flick!!!
5|19556|I can't wait for JoyRide2!
5|2539|I thought this was a pretty good movie. It's funny and it has some good action scenes as well. This is a good movie for anyone who likes comedy movies and action movies. You get both genres for the price of one in this movie.
5|10572|Funny movie! Character development was well thought out. Storyline had good conclusion, although obvious. Kept me laughing and thrilled the whole time.
5|5256|How can anyone not like this movie? First let me state that if this type of movie were released today I would be hesitant to see it because I'm not into musicals per se; my tastes range from witty comedies to supense to action movies. That being said, I have to acknowledge the greatness of this movie since it is ingrained into my (and everyone's) memory, and I always enjoy seeing it. I just wish it were presented on television as an event once a year like in the old days (it was shown on or around Easter time on NBC when I was a kid), not 30 times a day on TBS or TNT on July 4th. Anyway, if you have not seen it there is something wrong with you.
5|21977|This is a classic in funny fantasy movies. It is a cool/fun way to unwind.
5|4148|Willy Wonka and The Chocolate Factory is an extremly well done movie, and it deserves so, so much credit. It was touching and funny, and it was just so, so good. Buy it today, and also Gene Wilder....you are such a great actor, and Jack Albertson was an excellent actor too.
5|3627|Erika Christensen does a real convinving job in this movie like ClassicTVFan and Rodeodo say. She is a wonderful actress who could make playing a tossed salad interesting. 
1|10085|The image of Andy Kaufman as a nice, funny guy is shattered by reality. He is a mean, twisted, manipulative individual. The movie is marketed like it is a comedy and this is far from the truth. The reality of Andy Kaufman's life was not all fun and games and this movie is his life story, but it is sold (like Kaufman) to the public as something it is not.
5|12371|a wonderful allegory to the story of Christianity. the parallels were unbelievable. watching Aslon climb the mountain bore a striking resemblace to Jesus in the garden. even if you're not looking for ties to Christianity, it was still a great film that I would recommend to anyone, and the battle scenes were non-gory enough for the whole family.
5|9478|This was a great and awesome movie. I would recommend people to go see this, especially if you are in a relationship.
5|14700|Erin Brockovich would definately be on my top ten list of great movies. I feel it deserves a much higher placement on this RateItALllist because not only was it a riveting, interesting, timely film circling on an important issue, it was based on a true story and landmark legal case! And if any of you reading think I only really like it so much because I'm a big Julia Roberts fan, think again because I was one of the very few people who hated Pretty Woman. Actually I didn't think Roberts was good in any of her many films, except maybe Sleeping With the Enemy. - But in Erin Brockovich, Roberts really amazed me! She not only performed the part flawlessly, but she just seemed to belong to the story. She was one with the story and the spirit of the story. Julia Roberts deserved her Academy Award for this film.
5|1024|The greatest ordinary superhero of all time fights terrorists and beats them starting with one gun and no shoes.
5|21963|This was a great movie (though I liked the book even better); it's just so fun to watch. It's an odd fairy-tale of sorts, with colorful characters and great ideas.
5|11678|Ok, I wouldn't give it five stars, except that I'm comparing it to a lot of new comedy releases. Anyway, this movie was hilarious. To actually think about a sweet old lady driving a seemingly normal couple to such extremes, even makes me laugh now. I haven't had so many laugh out loud moments watching a comedic movie in years. It's a must see.
5|19224|Excellent modern day adaptation of the classic movie. They don't bother with a moral message. It's just straight ahead violence and gore. Horror fans should love it.
5|3633|WOW! Just goes to show how diverse Keanu's acting ability is. He's got to be the hottest serial killer ever! Two thumbs up!
1|24452|For the love of God, DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS CRAP!
5|3155|Oh yeah! This is what I call fighting. No cables! Who-hooo!! And Jet Li is so cool! He is one of my top 3 actors. The fight-scenes in this one even surpassed the Matrix.. It's true! 
5|18884|Hard to believe it's a true story...
5|5524|Suspense and terror, but not gore. Hitchcock created a must-see movie. Only those with poor imaginations will find this film dull. Hitchcock's swinging lightbulb and use of shadows throughout the film is amazing.
5|1742|One of the best movies of the year.
1|16386|This is a terrible, terrible movie. The acting is atrocious, the direction awful, and the dialogue painful to listen to. Do not waste your time with this pathetic rip off - get the real thing by renting Dangerous Liasons. 
5|7333|the greatest, most cathartic movie for anyone who has ever hated their job, had an arse for a boss or a piece of office equipment that never seemed to work right for you. It's good to see these poor schmucks get everything they don't deserve.
1|23315|Never seen anything so stupid in all my life!!!!!!
5|11136|Excellent movie. Jim Carey returns to his old self. This movie is comparable to Dumb and Dumber. Instead of over relying on Jim's physical comedy aspect, (Ace Ventura 2, Cable Guy) an interesting plot was incorporated as well.
5|10228|Coyote Ugly was a wonderful movie, I think it really gives you inspiration. No matter how many times you watch it, it always bring a smile to my face.
5|596|This movie is amazing. The Dave Matthews and Baltimore Ravens of movies.
5|18674|BEST MOVIE EVER! need i say more? 
5|2263|Top Gun is the greatest movie ever made.
5|9336|Obviously Kevin Smith had something personal to say. And this movie is a perfect thing to say. Though vulgar and sarcastic (love that stuff) it is totally real. These are just everyday people. Though not many lesbians would like Ben Affleck, I was actually in there for Holden McNeil. And lets us not forget Hooper-X. The black man IS God. And last but also the best... guess it yet Thorne? BANKY! Banky F@%#$ % Edwards! Jason Lee once again gives a dynamic performance. That's why he's my hero. And Ben Affleck is not. Oh, and the Jay and Silent Bob once again save the day with weed and wisdom is totally great. Aside from the fact that Holden screws everything up, it's still a good movie. And it WAS NOT Renee Zelweger HughJackman's mate ... it was JOEY LAUREN ADAMS. Moron. So I'll leave you with this.. A four lane road. in the canter is a crisp $100 bill. Four people are at each end of the road. A male affectionate lesbian, an angry as f@$# man hating dyke, santa, and the easter bunny... Who'll reach the $100 bill first? The dyke? Correct. And do you know why?... 
5|13721|Dead Poets Society is a great movie with a great cast.
5|6005|A wonderful movie dealing with politics and faith in a dream. Jimmy Stewart gives a stunning performance as the man who wants something better for the American kids.
5|15436|I stalled in renting this movie, but now that I finally broke down and watched it, I'm glad I did. The acting was strong and believable, I could relate to the characters and the scenery was gorgeous. Diane Lane was wonderful as Frances -- when she cried, I cried with her. And the footage was extraordinary; it made me want to hop on the next plane to Tuscany and buy a rundown villa in the middle of nowhere. If you like romantic comedies that are actually true-to-life, I suggest this one!
5|13047|Timeless classic! One of the few films, ever, that I can watch again over the years and still enjoy it as much as I did the first time. It had it all! Strong story line, acting and direction. Personal standard for rating any film.
1|21264|Why would any one make a sequal to SNF wasn't the first movies bad enough. Oh and to make it even better, Sly is directing what a mess. They should have call it Saturday Night fights and in the end Sly beats the hell out of John Travolta.
5|23184|I first watched this movie a few years back because Jim Caviezel was in it. Because I'm an autograph collector, I wrote to him and he sent back a personalized 8x10 not long after. I fell in love with the film because it portrayed the bittersweet relationship between father and son. Jim made a great cop, and Dennis Quaid was a very believable firefighter. This film has an interesting premise and likeable characters.
5|18112|Which one? 1990 or 1964? They both were great. Who does not like dead corpses walking around? It is an inspiration to most of the greatest movie now.
5|2505|Denzel exploded onto the screen. This was an amazing movie. Reading the other comments, I can understand why people pull their hair out, we are all so completely different in our expectations. For those of you who agree with me and loved this movie, Kudos for those of you who thought it was bad, clearly weren't watching the same movie. 
5|11650|Hysterical! Very funny and witty. The cast was terrific and the writers knew how to make people laugh.
5|21793|Don't get me wrong, Chicago was fine. But lets get real Academy, LOTR The Two Towers was the best picture of the year hands down. Now, I'm not one of these fanatics and I actually thought the first one could have been a little shorter, but the 2nd has more action and excitement. It flows better, Gullom-Smiegel is a lot of fun to watch and the whole movie it is a true cinematic masterpiece. I will say that from reading a bit from some of the comments here from people psycho-analyzing the film to the extreme to another person calling it Christian and Harry Potter anti-Christian need to remember ITS JUST A MOVIE, a science fiction movie and not to take it so seriously! Chill out folks. However, LOTR is a fantastic film, no question.
5|20499|This was great in everyway in IMAX!!
5|2511|Very good movie. Duvall is one of the best. Great action in this one.
5|18106|A classic, creepy, disturbing movie. The creepy music at the beginning when they are in the cemetery. When the corpses are grabbing pieces of body out of the truck when it explodes, that is just terrifying beyond belief. The acting is awful and over the top, but that is part of the movie's charm.
1|24308|pure crap. i cannot believe that the jurassic park saga has ended on this sad, sad note. and to think, the first movie was so good. i want my money back, and the next time i want to see a dinosaur movie, i will take out a camcorder and some toy dinos....surely i can do better than this.
5|15422|I absolutely loved the movie! It was an awesome hip-hop/dance movie that my mom even loved!
5|7469|This was hilarious, and in some respects realistic as some of the best attorneys didn't shine in law school.
5|13053|If you like the gangsta' movies, this is the one to have. One of the best movies ever. Al Pacino is a true original when it comes to playing gangster roles. A movie to watch over and over.
5|9444|This is an awesome movie. Nothing happens? Actually a lot happens. This is a realistic movie, not Charlie's Angels. Plot: a struggling alcholic writer and his soon to be married friend go an a bachelor party trip through the California wine country. This movie explores two middle age failures. It is very funny.
5|6777|The Holy Hand Grenade was the best. Monty Python is the best comedy ever! 
5|8982|A really great/funny movie. One of Jim Carrey's best. I highly recommend it.
5|23190|Film is great. Garth Brooks' song makes the film!!!
5|13735|Old war time film that is actually good. Realistic time and place during war. Nice music.
1|2080|Terrible, terrible movie. Why? The acting is the worst i have seen of any movie ever. The plot makes it even worse. Who wants to watch a movie where it is around the bus all day?
5|6011|My all time favorite movie. The Marx Brothers are in absolute peak form, and if this was the only film they ever made they would still be legends. Pay special attention to Groucho's dialogue.
5|4606|Great movie!!! I love Harry Potter movies. It dragged on a little bit, but other than that, the FX were great and the ending was surprising.
5|11122|This movie was hilarious. Jim Carey and Renee Zelweger are a great pair. The had great chemistry and that made the movie ten times funnier. The one liners and background scenes just add to the humor. A definite must see .
5|5518|I knew the novel before I saw the movie, so when I saw Norman Bates I was a little fearful that I wouldn't be able to accept him as a psychotic. The book described as being plump and red-faced, but Mr. Perkins did a great job of being charming but quirky. The musical score is great and this is absolutely one of Hitchcock's best.
5|16895|lotto is the best rapper in tha movie
5|17553|As a bonafide Brazil-phile, I must admit my bias here. Regardless I found this to be the best Brazilian film since Amor Bandido (1979). The relationship between the child and adult woman who finds him living in the train station is engrossing. What I liked most about this film however was it's sheer believeability - sadly the phenomenon of street kids does exists there, thus, there's a subtle dose of social commentary mixed in with a gripping storyline. Recommended.
5|18660|It would great to have a Mogwai for a pet, providing you don't get them wet and feed them after midnight.
5|582|in years to come people will study this like we do shakespeare...god the future will be more fun
1|7688|I just don't get it.
5|21791|Enjoyed this even more than the first which was excellent. Thrilled to see our h.s. aged children even fascinated though they have never read the book like their mom did (many years ago!).
5|4176|As most of you have gathered from my weblist, I'm a huge, unabashed Disney fan. This is truly my favorite and one of the best in my opinion. A sweet story paired with fantastic, unique voicework that brought to life unforgettable characters. And who can forget the wonderful, fun music? I will admit sometimes Disney films are blandly entertaining but this one had the spunk and fun to reach many age groups, creating a lasting cartoon classic.
5|5268|As you can tell, this is one of my very favorite movies of all time. Toto was the perfect star and knew everything would be ok all along. Judy Garland was at her best!
5|18110|The exploding truck scene! Loved it!
5|23186|Great movie! If you have the DVD edition it should show how talking through time is theoretical. Its interesting. The movie itself has a great cast and is fun and heartwarming to watch.
5|13045|Excellent. After watching it I felt like joining the mob.
5|22298|one of my favorites, although the book was better. but in hindsight, the novels are always better than the movies. if they made the movie exactly like the novel they would be 10 hours long.
5|15352|I wish I could be as cool as Chuck Yeager.
5|7319|Quite possibly the greatest movie ever made. While that might be a stretch to some, I found this comedy to be a hilarious parody of the normal worker's life. This movie smartly pokes at the office lifestyle and how it can drive a person mad.
5|13723|We watched it in social studies class... there was a bit of an issue getting us allowed to watch it because of language or whatever but we ended up seeing it. I liked it a lot. Good movie, good plot. I think it was realistic, but they didn't go overboard on the blood and gore trying to get more viewers, or however they do that...
5|9334|One of my favorite films ever. I love the dialogue, the characters, the story, everything. Kevin Smith is a genious in his own right.
5|6007|An amazing movie! It may seem corny, but this (Jimmy Stewart's character) is politics as it should be--full of ideals and enthusiasm. I think we can make it back there some day.
5|17545|The director is an heir of Hitchcock. It is a movie very different from what French people usually do, but you won't be disappointed!
5|2261|Top Gun is a classic that both men + women can watch and enjoy. Definitely my favorite movie.
5|18676|This movie is very loosely based on the true story of Ed Gein. He actually did wear clothes made from human flesh, as well as eat human meat. But that is were the real life and movie seperate. Still, TCSM is one of my all time classics.
5|594|This movie rocked! No one I knew guessed the ending correctly. Kevin Spacey is so talented in this movie.
5|16883|One of the really good movies of recent years.. Nicolas Cage in top form with an excellent supportive cast. Highly recommended 
5|11134|This is so funny. For a big laugh I would go to see this. Great for a first date!
1|24478|I'm sure ripping off 2001 and Mission to Mars was no easy task, but these people did it... and wasted their time because this movie sucked. 2001 was an excellent movie and Mission was only half as bad. Combining them was a travesty and, I hope, career wrecking.
5|17551|Possibly the best, and with the perfect hindsight of history, the most frightening propaganda film ever made. Riefenstahl's documentary covering a Nazi rally in Nuremberg in 1934, has a terrible beauty about it, from the opening sequence of Hitler's plane descending from the clouds, its shadow growing across the ancient city, to the geometric rigidity of the rally itself. Watching it after the terrible events that came in its wake is like watching a dance of death, but it is a sly and seductive dance indeed.
5|580|Awesome movie. very suspensful. its a one of a kind movie. if you havent seen this then i suggest renting it. kevin spacey's best ever.
5|18662|This is one of those movies that comes along once in a while and hits the nail on the head and creates a genre. Sometimes a low budget flick with a no-name cast does it--this is one of those. It is not as violent as advertised and does have some sterotypes, i.e. crazed Southern inbred backwoods family. But put your skepticism aside and revel in the horror and suspense of the effort. 
5|16897|Eminem was great as an actor I hope he pursues an acting career even though he said he would not.
5|11120|Always loved Jim Carrey movies. This movie was hilarious. When the cop had the chicken stuck in his ass, I was rolling on the floor. Great movie.
5|9320|Wow. Until today i forgot all about this movie. I haven't watched it since I was 10 and I'm regrettting it. This is one of the funniest and coolest movies ever! I have to go rent it right now.
1|21514|A snoozer.
5|6013|I'm not normally in to exaggerated and outlandish comedy - unless it's done right! This one is. It is a masterpiece of insanity and deflating of pompousity.
5|14058|OUTSTANDING !!!! Ron Howard really did his homework on this one. The story is well written and the actual facts are as damn close to the truth as possible in hollywood. The use of actual props and NASA footage made this movie a real look into history. I think the intent was to inform you more than entertain you, and this movie did bolth. To say this movie was boring, three guys floating around in a broken tin can shows the lack of inteligence in that particular viewer. The story of Apollo 13 is true, it happened, it is an important date in areospace history and this movie portraies it well 
5|13051|This is a classic of the Italian Mob lifestyle. Marlon Brando was at his best, especially for the later years. It is a long film that kept me captivated throughout the whole thing. The movie left me juiced and wanting to conquer the world.
5|8758|this movie is so FUNNY!! AND THIS IS MY GOOD EYE.
5|15420|From the time I saw the previews many weeks ago I knew this movie would be a hit. I was not disappointed. Makes you want to dance and fall in love, always a perfect combination.
5|21785|Never read the books but I'm in love with this movie series.
5|11646|Well...I just went to go see this movie today and I must say this is histerical!!! It is a must see...The movie is about America's most loved couple breaking ^ and the people not liking them as much b/c they are not together.Then someone has been hired to try and bring them back together, but the movie brings surprises and great entertainment so go c it!! The actors and actresses in it are as follows: Julia Roberts, Billy Christal, John Cusack, and Catherine Zeta Jones...Oh and the adorable Seth Green is in it toooooo!!!!Catherine Zeta Jones and John Cusack are the famous couple that split ^...and Julia Roberts is the sister of Catherine Zeta Jones, and Billy Christal is the man hired to get them back together and Seth Green is Billy Chrystal's assistant....it is very cute!! Did yall know that Julia Roberts was offered the part as Gwen, Catherine Zeta Jones' part. Oh and if u have seen the movie or the previews the parts w/ the dogs by Billy Christal's crotch...wasn't suppose ta be in the movie....and in my opinion was the funniest part..heheehe it is sooo great u hvae to c it..i highly recommend it!!! : )
1|9869|another one for the airheads...while the movie made a concerted effort at a spoof, the tasteless writing makes one want to gag (no pun intended)...constantly falls back on every lobotomized producers fail-safe fall-back for a zero: the f-word...not the least bit 'funny', but obviously the age genre this movie is geared towards would not know the difference...
5|1032|Great action packed movie with Bruce Willis where he tries to save a building from terrorists. I found it to be a very crafty plot that was well executed.
5|13079|Schindler's List is Spielberg's best movie because of how he portrays a flawed character-Oscar Schindler-and his ability to positively affect the world during The Holocaust. Liam Nielson as Schindler is terric in portraying the character who against all odds fulfilled the talmudic dictum given him as a ring after being fashioned from fillings from a concentration camp inmate's fillings:Whoever saves a single life, it is as if he saved an entire world.
5|7443|I had high expectations for this movie and they were met. I don't usually laugh out loud at movies but this movie made me laugh. I love Ben Stiller, he is a funny bastard! This movie was histerical from begining to end. All the crap that this poor innocent guy has to go through to win over his fiance's father. You really do feel bad for him but, you can't help but want more bad stuff to happen because the comedy sequences are just too funny.
5|6985|I still love this movie, and I've seen it probably close to 100 times. A lot of the reason I like it so much is nostalgia, I'm sure.
5|15408|I loved this movie! It is definatley my Favorite...It really does wanna make you get up and DANCE! Sean Patrik Thomas is soooooo hot and I cant wait to see him in future movies. Julia and him really did a AWESOME job together. If you havn't seen it THEN GO!!!!
1|10087|I thought the stale nachos from the theater concession were the best part of this movie. It was a long drawn out film that never took the time to really develop any of the characters -- not even Andy. And Courtney Love the actor -- someone please get me another stale snack!
1|24322|What really burns me about this flick is that Martha sent me to Wal-Mart to buy some doo-dad she read in some insert ad in the paper. Now she knew about my "never again to Wal-Mart" vow, but quite frankly, Scarlett, she didn't give a damn! But I digress. I walked by the bargain DVD bin and lo and behold here was "League of Extraordinary Gentlemen" for $4.99. The price and the bin should have tipped me off, but NOOOO! I BOUGHT IT. IT REALLY STINKS! I could have had two pale ales on tap for what I sank into this trash! 
1|12848|Can this be categorized as a documentary? What the hell. I'm ashamed that I've even seen it. If I recall, it had far less t*tties than I expected going into it. Documentary my ass.
5|21975|Me big tough man, but Princess Bride make me cry. It was grouse at the the time of its release and its grouse now. My name is Inigo Montario, you killed my father prepare to die.
5|5254|Probably the greatest movie of all-time, doesn't get better than this!
5|17579|WITH KWOK IN THE MOVIE AND CORDNATING IT ITS BEST OF ALL TIME
5|10216|Okay, so it's corny and cliche'd but it's also a LOT of fun. I really like it 'cause it's got that feel good factor about it. The soundtrack is good too, and it's ending is pure cheese fantastic!!!
5|5532|Don't even bother with the inferior (and unecessary) 1998 Psycho remake with Anne Heche and Vince Vaughan. The 1960 original shot in black and white remains a testament to the cinematic genius of director Alfred Hitchcock. That shot of Janet Leigh's staring dead eye after the shower scene still gives me jitters! Just don't expect a visit by Freddy Kruger if you haven't seen Psycho already. The only startling scene her is where Janet Leigh's character is murdered by Norman Bates. The rest of the movie is entirely predictable but is well-written and acted. 
5|11108|This movie was hella funny and I liked the humor of Jim Carrey.
5|19554|David Lynch is great!!
5|16667|Military aspects realistic. Gave tremendous insight into the complexity of decisions under combat conditions, which must be made instantaneously. Gave a hint as to the turmoil that most don't experience: being shot at by unhappy people.
5|7325|I love it. Ron Livingston is hilarious, and now everytime I see him in something I think of him as the Office Space guy. Great movie to watch with a big group of friends.
5|9308|Seeing a stupid comedy like Monty Python being number one and a witty and fun comedy like this being number 102 is an insult. This is an awesome comedy everybody needs to see. The story is a cartoon Rabit get frammed for murder and the only guy who can save him is a former cartoon detective. Adults will love the adult themes and play on words while kids will like seeing the cartoons and the slapstick. One of the greatest films of all time that no one can resist and that's all folks.
5|14064|A great learning tool about leadership styles
5|1740|This is one of the most inventive and just the most awesome movie ever! I just got the special edition dvd and I watched it the chronological way, which was really cool! If you can't figure out how, go to eeggs.com.
5|10202|real great movie its about a girl who wants to find her true dreams well then theres some problems its not just easy squezzy she has a boy who likes her and almost get fired
5|5526|Hitchcock's masterpiece of suspense
1|9855|Another dumb porn gore parody movie that is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo may I repeat soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo STUPID.
5|5240|I think it is a great film to watch with children. They will love the silly scarecrow, the funny lion and the girls will want the red sparkly shoes so they can click the back of their heels and say "There is no place like Home." They will pretend to be the wicked witch of the West to other siblings by saying in a scary tone "I will get you my Pretty." They will sing and skip the tunes Were off to see the Wizard the wonderful wizard of oz.... Follow the yellow brick road.. etc. If you watch it for the first time as an adult you might not enjoy it as much as someone that has seen it as a child. I have a friend that saw it for the first time as an adult and he said, "I wished I would have seen this movie when I was a kid. I think I would have really liked it. The tornado has a certain amount of mystery to a child because you do not know what will happen when you get sucked up in it.
5|18138|This movie was so ahead of its time. No special effects and slice n dice, just pure suspense. I still get the creeps when I watch it.
1|12684|Where to begin? Dark Water looks like a fun, scary, summer movie from every trailer that is shown, and I admit that I looked forward to seeing it. But now that I have sat down and taken the hours out of my life to watch the film, I feel like I have wasted a part of my life for this movie. To be frank, Dark Water is a boring, and un-scary film. I thought of this movie as being along the lines (in scares and suspense) of the remake of The Ring, but I found myself disappointed in what I watched take place on screen. I'm not sure if it's just me, but dirty water gushing out of a faucet every 5 min. is not what I call scary. Obviously I did not like this movie, and nearly the entire theater who saw the film with me felt the same way. Many people immediately got on their cell phones and called others saying how bad it was, and one woman said to her (husband I'm presuming) that she felt that she had been ripped off, even though it was a free screening. From what is shown in the trailers (panic, glass breaking, and water gushing out in every direction), all of that happens within the final 15 or 10 min. of the movie. What is worse is that the first hour or so is so dull and boring that you loose interest almost completely by the time the, do I dare say, fun, events occur. In the beginning, Dark Water seems to be a slow paced, and sad drama. Not at all a scary/suspenseful thriller. The ending is bizarre, and pointless. The mystery of what happens is unclearly solved and we are left thinking what just happened?. The director takes his time setting up the movie (drawing out divorce, custody hearings, looking through the apartment for a good 20 min., walking around the halls, riding in the elevator, going to school, among many other things), and then when you finally care about what is happening, it is like he slams the book shut and leaves you disappointed. At one time I looked forward to seeing Dark Water beat the Fantastic 4 at the box office, because the Fantastic 4 looked even worse from previews, interviews and trailers, but now... now after seeing Dark Water in its entirety, I have to say to everyone wondering how Dark Water really is: Save your money. You will most likely be very disappointed in the end.
5|14702|great movie!
5|1026|This is a wonderful and excellent movie!!!!!
5|6749|This story takes place in the nineteenth century in a little town in France named Lourdes. Bernadette is a peasant girl who sees a vision of The Blessed Virgin Mary. She experiences a lot of suffering because of her chosen status as a messenger of the holy virgin. Her family also bore some ridicule as a result. There is much drama involved, and miracles are depicted. Vincent Price has a strong role as a cynic. One miracle was reported in the press of the day, and it involved the Lourdes grotto onlookers becoming soaking wet from a downpour; when suddenly, the sun appeared and seemed to be heading straight toward the earth. People reportedly were hysterical, and naturally, many promised to change their lives. Then the sun stopped its direction, and returned to its position in the sky. The movie was a smash hit in 1943, and its lead actress, Jennifer Jones, won the Academy Award for Best Actress. There are powerful performances in the supporting categories, which earned oscar nominations for Gladys Cooper, Anne Revere and Charles Bickford. The director, Henry King also was a nominee, as was the film. "The Song of Bernadette" wound up with 12 oscar nominations. It won in several categories. 
5|6991| Rooney?! This is Ed Peterson! 
1|4342|For some reason I just didn't like this movie. It seems like it has too much adult humor. I mean, does a kid's movie really have to be laced with enough adult humor to require a PG rating? Just because the parents want to be entertained while taking the kids to this? If the parents want entertainment for themselves, hire a baby sitter and go out to see Bridget Jones Diary, but don't fill America's youth with foul humor even if it is 'sugarcoated'. Shrek was a dissapointment to say the least. The one good thing about it was the I'm a Believer remake, but again, that's for our own enjoyment, does a young child really care about Smashmouth or want a 'rock song' as their movie theme song? I would hope that the answer, even in our jaded world is still no.
5|8957|Jim Carrey was hilarious like usual, and the story was suitable for everybody to enjoy. One of the best comedies for all ages to come out in the past few years.
5|9491|How can you go wrong with gay Satan and an ass-happy Sadam Hussein?
5|13086|I think, although i am slightly biased to comment on this film because i am jewish, you can not argu the fact that it is a powerful film, and filled with bold statements such as the girl in the red coat that appears at certain moments, but the film its self, which (forgetting what it stands for alone) is so well crafted,directed and acted, the fact that it is based on the holocaust is irrelevant, because it is so amazingly powerful, gripping, and truly amazing. A film i will always watch!
5|231|A well made movie depicting that past of a country and the life of a man (William Wallace). The struggles and hardships he went through for this country and his freedom. The personal story of the man makes it easier to understand the history and struggles of the people.
5|21752|I saw it the second day it came out in theaters. which was yesterday. It is an awesome movie! Seriously. You have to see it! The battle scenes are amazing. All the graphics are awesome. The story is cool. Legolas is the best!!
5|557|A very good action/thriller with a strong cast. This is a movie which requires you to pay attention in order to fully understand the ending, which is a great twist. This film is Benicio Del Toro's breakthrough role, in which he plays a character that will give you a few laughs. Overall, a strong thriller, with a good cast and a superb ending.
1|11400|Billy Crystal must die!
1|20805|My wife and I thought the movie was so bad and so boring, we walked out and got our money back. And then what happens? It wins big at the Acadamy Awards! We couldn't get over it. Maybe we were crazy, I don't know, but I stand by my original opinion. Maybe I'll rent it and give it another try.
5|23623|Dark City is one of the coolest gothic sci-fi's I've ever seen. Plus, it's completely original, aside from the obvious similarity between the aliens and vampires. I've never seen anything like it before.
5|1973|Los Angeles of the 1930's has never looked so enchanting, or dangerous. Nicholson gives a blistering performance as private eye J.J. Gihes. One of my favorite films of all time, it is a perfect example of the noir film style. The story will leave your mouth hanging open.
5|15385| Save the last Dance was absolutely 'slammin' (haha)!!! It was so excellent!! It made me wanna get up and dance myself!!!! I cried like five times.!!!!!! Julia Stiles and Sean Patrick Thomas were so good together, both they're talents complimented each other!!! One to watch if you wanna laugh and cry!!!!!
5|1967|Released in 1974, Roman Polanski's Chinatown is a film noir feature that is studied in most, if not all film schools. For the uninitiated, the story involves a complex scheme to control the water supply in 1930's Los Angeles. Ex-cop, private detective J.J. Gittes (Jack Nicholson) gets involved when one of the loose ends go astray and is eventually hired by a mysterious woman, Evelyn Mulwray (Faye Dunaway). Gittes' investigation reveals that something is more rotten in Denmark than a simple domestic matter, and he meets industrialist Noah Cross (John Huston) who attempts to frighten him off the case. As Gittes gets closer and closer to putting all the clues in place, the truth is finally revealed, a truth that is ugly and perhaps best kept secret as there is little, if anything anyone can do. The undertones of the dialogue and cinematography are flat and dark which impeccably match the story and themes of greed and debauchery. While Huston and Dunaway are excellently cast, the film is carried by Nicholson who somehow tones down his usual bigger than life persona to great effect. Finally, the movie is tied together by the continual references to a proverbial unexplainable world in the form of Chinatown, or in other words, what can one do, it's Chinatown? The bottom line, is that this is not a action oriented film, but one that requires effort; however, for one who can appreciate cinema as a complete art form, Chinatown is a must see film.
5|21020|this cdis kool and dont even like rock that much my fav. is "another brick on the wall" 
5|20458|It was especially good because I got to see this film with a lecture beforehand by the director with his own personal slides and antecdotes. A neat movie.
5|21746|This is truly a masterpiece of a movie. It has the grandeur, the thrills, the excitement of a blockbuster; and yet has the beauty and heart of an independent film. A great thing about this film is, unlike other famous trilogies, Return of the King can stand on its own. It is so fabulous that you don't have to have watched the previous two or even be a Lord of the Rings fan to appreciate this film. Ian McKellen as Gandalf and Sean Astin as Samwise gave outstanding performances! Peter Jackson completed his masterpiece with vision, talent and hopefully the Academy will grace this fantastic film with some gold statues. I recommend this movie to everyone!
5|14925|I think that the patroit was one of the best movies I ever saw! Heath Ledger looked so good in it. I guess Mel did too but I don't really know muck about him. 
5|8943|Anyone who has ever been exposed to fandom communities and their attendant discourse can see how easily this hits the nail on the head. An excellent companion piece to the recent documentary, Trekkies. 
5|23151|A strange movie which will definitely baffle anyone seeing the movie as an adult for the first time. If you can handle the idea of David Bowie as a magical, musical villain, you will like this movie very much.
1|2727|Do we have any bathroom freshener left, Martha? There's a powerful stink in here!
5|11875|It was funny and witty. I enjoyed it very much.
5|20470|A wonderful treat for viewers who appreciate the arts...colorful costumes, well-choreographed dances, beautiful cinematography. My favorite was "Love" blooming and depicted on the lilly pad with the "statues" amazing display of sheer strength, power and balance.
5|7480|Funny, funny movie. Marisa Tomei was great in this movie. But who else but Joe Pesci can go from the murderous gangsters in Casino and Goodfellas to to the Brooklynite lawyer in My Cousin Vinnie and never miss a beat. Gotta give him credit.
1|20187|we could only wish
5|6946|This movie is, to my knowledge, the first movie to prioritize jokes and gags over the storyline. Unlike Mel Brooks movies, it's easy to miss most of the jokes the first time through- I highly recommend repeat viewing. The backdrop for this film is an airplane that needs to be landed and a former pilot trying to find the confidence to save the day. The movie stays funny all the way through, though. I loved it!
1|10044|Sad, I actually do like Adam Sandler. He is a decent comedian, but he can't act. And what is it with his films? They just don't seem to have any signs of a cohesive plot to them.
5|23179|This comment is for everyone who complains and says that the movie was stupid. Look if you thought that the movie was stupid then you are the ones who are stupid. The only way this movie can be considered stupid is if you don't understand it. It is basically about a boy who would rather die than be alone. In the end he knows that he is going to die, and he would rather die than live the rest of his life without the one he loves who he knows is gone. If you pay attention then the movie makes perfect sense. And to tell the truth, changed my life in a lot of different ways. If it doesn't change your life then you didn't understand it, and you shouldn't even try.
1|16435|I didn't like this. It's not exciting at all, and more like a B movie.
1|19706|Depp is great, but this film is hollow and cold. I was never at one single point afraid, and it's dragged on about one hour too long. Two Thumbs Way Down.
1|16353|one of the sleazest movies I have seen. I kept waiting for something good to happen. I found myself being very disappointed. this movie about a guy who gets into pornography one of the crummiest movies I have seen.
5|1797|This is a drama about a woman whose husband tries to frame her for his own death. I was glued to the screen of what was going to happen next and will she ever get justice. This was an excellent film and I enjoy movies with Ashly Judd and Tommy Lee Jones.
5|22501|this is a perfect film, in the director's cut, and still worth 5 stars otherwise. its power lies in its raw humanity, like book asking what it is that makes someone human. can an android, sentenced to death for mass murder, for instance, unable to feel any emotions of its own, commit an act which denoted empathy for another living being? how do you ecxplain it if it does? this movie indicts science with ignorance of what it creates, or tries to imitate, exposing the arrogance and overconfidence of those responsible for bringing the replicants into being and attempting to control the lives it created. the same system needs a man like deckerd to hunt down the androids when their time is up, and the monsters have outgrown their creators. yet how is a man like him supposed to justify his work, which never involves anything but murder. how does such a man fall in love with one such android? these are some of the questions this movie evokes, and which make it not only a visual masterpiece, but one of the greatest single uses of the science fiction medium in film.
1|10722|Dull, predictable, and insufferably stupid.
5|13904|An American classic - Stallone was at his best.
1|14544|This movie was horrible. What the hell was up witht the whole whale scene. Please dont see this movie unless you bring a bag to vomit in. Trust me i wanted to projectile vomit all over the place. What this movie needed was some zombies i am out peace
5|3180|I was as impressed with this movie as I was hoping to be. We don't have enough movies with substance anymore, it's all about who can swear the most, or get the most loving, or blow up the most. This was a film that I have no trouble letting the kids watch.
5|18689|Now this boys and girls... is horror done right. Not only one of the coolest ideas ever (beat Blair witch to the whole fake true story deal by over a decade) it also presents us with a more realistic horror monster...THE RED NECK. You watch this film and tell me you wouldn't be scared poo less if your friends were all being served to you while you are bound at the dinner table in a nasty house that has to smell like sh*t and be approached and taunted by a group of back woods hillbilly cannibals. Would it not scare you to be chased through unfamiliar forrests by a maniac weilding a chainsaw and wearing a mask made of human skin? There is no suspense just pure shock and terror. You see the horror through the eyes of the victims as well as the eyes of the psychos. Tobe Hooper did a great job with this picture. You can almost taste the putrid air of the Leatherface clan's house. You can almost feel the hammer comeing down on the top of your head. It did for meat eating what Psycho did for shower taking. A great classic shoker. HIGHLY RECOMMEND. A hell of a treat.
5|18845|One of my favorite werewolf films.
5|19583|One of my person favorite horror movies, much better then most others before it on this list. Sarah Michelle Gellar and Anne Heche are the stand outs of the show, stealing every scene that they are in. Probably wasn't the smartest thing to waste all their amunition on a knock out chase scene between Gellar and the fisherman killer, which leaves you on the edge of your seat throughout, and leave nothing for the climax. Still a great film, with lots of pretty people!
1|24493|that's nonsense
5|3194|This movie was very entertaining to watch, so much that i went to see it 3 times and the jet scene with the L to A missle was one of the best jet scenes.
5|4823|This is one of the most hilarious movies I have ever seen in my entire life! This will always be one of my favorite disney movies ever!
1|16347|Horrific, disturbing, disgusting, revolting, sickening, and spectacularly violent. As a Christian, I don't need to be tortured to love Jesus.
5|24164|This movie is perhaps my favorite sci-fi/space type movie. The acting was incredible, and I loved the storyline, as well as the special effects. Props go to Bruce Willis and Ben Affleck. A great film! The plot went together perfectly, with comedy, drama, excitement and suspense all rolled into one. Great film!
1|11428|What the f**k's the fuss all about???
5|22515|excellent! original! fascinating! HARRISON FORD IS GREAT (as usual) 
5|13910|i love demi, think Jack is terrific, even Tom was good...
1|1212|Way,way,overrated and overhyped just like the Kill Bill movies.Warped and twisted just like every other film Tarantino does,but when you have a twisted mind what else can you do?I challenge Tarantino to make another Genre of movies.If he truely has talent (which I doubt)it will show.
5|5283|this is one oif the most amazing films ever made. A true cinematic tour de force. One can watch this film with a sense of wonder throughout all the facets of their life. As a kid you watch for the magic and cartoonish horror, and later as an adult you can watch it while high or drunk(i prefer drunk) and the feeling is the same. In fact I believe that the Wizard of Oz was created by seedy 1930's hollywood drug abusers for their personal enhancement.
5|11861|Nasty, vicious, mean-spirited and hilarious. Very well scripted and a great performance by Thornton. Sure to become a Christmas tradition at my house.
5|219|The movie was one the best (if not the best). It's definetely on my top 10 list. It brings out such a great message that sometimes we take for granted. Freedom. Mel Gibson was terrific...
1|9896|Stupid, stupid, stupid. It sucked ass and wasn't funny at all. It was boring and the storyline was terrible. Even the parody aspect of it was bad.
5|16459|I liked this particular story because it is a moving story with comedy and drama. Patch Adams went out of his way to prove that laughter could be a treatment used in medicine. He made people smile when they were dying inside.
5|4412|Shrek 2 is a great movie. It's one of those rare gems that kids and adults will get a kick out of. Like the first one, it pokes satire at everything with rapier-like wit. The computer animation has also imporved since the first. Sometimes, I thought they were cutting into real world footage for some of the shots. Disney really hasn't made anything in years that matches the humor and cleverness of the Shreks. Shrek is even strong enough to withstand the Eddie Murphy curse. The only knock I have on Shrek 2 is that it is not quite the equal of the first one. But other than Godfather 2, what movie sequel is? It will win best animated feature at the Oscars.
5|9136|Classic sketches. Humor that can often be pretty crude, but cleverly ironic. The way the boarding school boys act utterly disinterested during the OTT sex education scene is priceless! Lots of clever parodies concerning the nuances of English and American culture as well.
1|11819|This affront to the ocular palette should be burned before viewing. If you like the Coen brothers, then maybe you'll find some amusement here. However, if you enjoy well done movies with a good plot, acting and cinematography, then this is not the place to go. The only saving grace was Katherine.
5|8228|The best of the Farrelly brothers movies (tho Kingpins was surprisingly good too), because the lead characters are so fun to root for. They get points for having Jonathan Richman doing the music interludes, and extra points for writing a movie that's got the same spirit as Jonathan Richman's great 1983 album, Jonathan Sings!
5|15150|That movie was hilarious. You gotta love the little kid.
5|9888|Very funny. Includes great sarcasm from all the horror movies.
5|13247|Dustin Hoffman and Tom Cruise did an excellent job acting in this film. The movie really pulled me into their lives. I really enjoyed how they put their gifts to good use and made some money in Vegas. The dialogue was great, and how Mr. Hoffman didn't end up with a speech impediment after the film was finished is surprising. Yeah, K-Mart, 400 Oak St.... 
5|23384|I've never seen the movie but I thought I'd follow ClassicTVFan's fine example and rate a movie I didn't bother watching. Does anyone else see the problem with this?
5|18312|Very good. Very scary. A very original Idea.
5|20855|Very well done, with a hand made feel to it that fits the theme. The music is great, and it resists the urge to over-produce.
5|21593|A masterpiece. Sure, they strayed off the book a little (Glorfindel, anyone?), but overall it was brilliant. Definitely one of the best modern movies in history, with excellent scenery (from my home country :)) great effects and characters (the casting was perfect) and a great story. Here's looking forward to the next two.
5|2711|Great movie for those who like action and fast cars. This movie has action throughout the whole movie. Also, the movie is easy to follow.
5|20699|I really liked the active involment with the children. The songs were easy and fun to sing to. Even when I was younger I sang along with Julia.
5|11444|Say what you want, but Jon Heder's 'Napoleon Dynamite' is very funny. What makes this movie so successful isn't so much the interaction of the seemingly cartoonish characters, but more the fact that the perennial underdogs ought to prevail despite the circumstances that should to overwhelm them. And it doesn't hurt that the picture is spliced with unforgettable supporting characters like Uncle Rico and Pedro, who feed about the humor throughout the film. All these make for a hilarious comedy which will bring loads of laughs to all movie-goers.
5|4360|Great movie for kids and adults. Very Funny!!! 
5|19018|Nice little touch with the Horror movie and comic scene's. In a way this movie is funny and it is scary to a degree also at the same time. Great effects and easy to watch. I recommend it to any horror buff.
5|21587|THE ADAPTATION FROM BOOK TO FILM ON THE SERIES APPEARS TO BE A SUCCESS. THE FIRST FILM WHICH CENTERED ON MOSTLY A FEW CHARACTERS WAS BETTER ACCEPTED BY ME PERSONALLY THAN THE SECOND WHICH INTRODUCED US TO MANY MORE CREATURES AND PERSONALITIES. IT IS MY DESIRE TO SEE ART IMITATE LIFE AND SO ONE MUST WONDER WAS THERE NOT A BROWN SKINNED HUMAN, ELF, DWARF, OR HOBBIT IN THE WHOLE OF MIDDLE EARTH, AND THOUGH JR TOLKIEN DIDN'T MENTION IF I REMEMBER IN READING ANY PIGMENTATION BESIDES THAT ATRIBUTED TO THE CHARACTERISTICS OF THE IMAGINARY RACES. ONE MUST WONDER HOW A FILM OF SUCH EPIC PORPORTIONS THAT MUST TOUCH SO MANY IMAGINATIONS WOULD BE MADE WITHOUT AN AFRO-AMERICAN ACTOR IN OBVIOUS SITE, OR MAYBE IT'S SURON, THE RULLER OF MORDOR.
5|6577|This is such a great classic John Wayne movie. He was such a gentlemen to the ladies especiall on the train ride. It was very good....
5|9644|This really is a classic comedy film. The stupidy of the two characters is incredible. There are so many quotable lines.
5|6211|Most Graham Greene materials brought to the screen are good and this is no exception. One caveat is to try to get a British print rather than the American print. The American cuts some scenes that are important. Anton Karas' zither score is unusual but really adds to the film once you get used to it. The scene at the top of the ferris wheel is marvelous. It reminds me of the Devil tempting Christ but that is probably a stretch for most people. Greene wound many religious themes into his novels, however. The interplay of the light and shadows makes it for me. Avoid the colorized version.
5|22930| I would not go as far as to call this film Kubrick's masterpeice but it is by far one of his most note worthy accomplishments. A very exciting and thoughtful movie about a strange and equally beautiful and ugly future not too far from ours. Being the story of a boy whose principal interests are rape,ultra-violence and Beehtoven. is the stinger sentence to the poster and is the summation of the film. It is about a young boy named Alex who lives in this above mentoned future where the laws of earth aren't really paid much attention to because everyone is focused on living in outer space. He enjoys hanging out with the droogies and beating,raping and drinking milk laced with narcotics. Until one night he is caught. You have to see this classic to believe what happens. Watch for the 2001:A Space Oddessy record in the store. Highly recommended. 
1|18197|first of al IT NEVER HAPPENED TOBE HOOPER SAID IT HIMSELF second of all the original is way better this depends on jump tactics and boring predictibal "Scream" type suspence while the first was a step into a bizzare nature and showing how cannibals act so see the original and listen to the commentary they say them selfs it never happened 
5|4406|I was shunned among my friends for saying the first one was better.
5|5718|Only those north of the Mason-Dixon line fail to understand why we Southerner's love this movie. Despite a generation of dispargers, this movie remains one of the greatest of all time. The casting is excellent, the actors are probably the most excellently cast of any movie. The storyline is a little weak, as only the stereotyped southern ninny in Scarlett would fail to see that Rhett has qualities far beyond the wimpy Ashley. I want to give her a good shaking every time I see this movie.The sets and lighting are excellent. A throughly good movie.
5|1556|Great film! I can watch it over and over. All the acting is great; Kevin Spacey is awesome. One of my top five all time favorites.
5|22918|One of the best films in history. Also the best directed movie ever. There's nothing else like it... it kicks major ass.
1|16192|To say that I dislike this movie is an understatement, I loath it. Lost in Translation was a painful movie to watch. I know that the point of this movie is to feel the character's alienation, but I didn't sympathetic towards the characters. WAAAAAA, Japan is such a strange country, my life is so boring. Lost in Translation is an overrated piece of fluff!
5|8214|A laugh out loud hilarious comedy. It's a very twisted movie but everything fits together perfectly. This one will be a favorate of mine forever.
5|16465|I rewatched this movie about a year ago, and couldn't get past Leo's terrible 'acting'. But when I was a teen, I absolutely loved it, so I'll rate from that perspective, but anyone older than 16 should probably stay away from this movie.
5|3341|Aaliyah really was stunning in this role. It's really too bad she's not around anymore. Her and Jet-Li make a faboulous pair.
5|972|Classic Action movie of the time and still stands up today. Dun Dun Dun dun...we have all had that moment of fear after seeing this movie-- that Jaws was coming for us.
5|5730|Gone with the Wind- great film every time you watch it. I dig Scarlett.
5|2739|A really fun movie. The action scenes were great!
5|16303|One of my top 10 of all time.Gibson has done a superb job with this movie.It is not even in English!
5|3427|When I first heard about Pearl Harbor, I saw it was around my birthday, so I decided to check it out. I went on the internet and all these critics were trashing it. I couldn't believe it, then I went to see the movie, and it was better than ever! Almost better than Star Wars! Everyone in the movie did an excellent job. This movie is for all to see.
1|24120|Boring garbage. Not even laughable.
5|7641|The movie has a few serious moments, which don't really do it any credit, but when it's funny, it's hilarious.
1|21058|The movie was terribly inaccurate in it's potrayal of Jim. He had a very sweet, shy side which made him irristable to every one who knew him.I'm saddened that this generation is getting such a horrible depiction of Jim.
5|7899|The funniest movie ever. A cult classic. Could watch it again and again.
5|8566|It was a funny movie and I liked it
1|20352|aaaahhhhhhh, the most overrated movie of the year, it wasnt scary at all, this is a spoiler but i dont care, THERE ARE NO MOSNTERS IN THE FORREST, IT IS THE VILLAGE ELDERS DRESSING UP, IT IS SO FREAKING STUPID, THEY ARE IN A WILDLIFE REFUGE OUTSIDE OF MODERN DAY PHILADELPHIA, DONT SEE IT, I JUST RUINED IT FOR YOU ANYWAYS AND HOPEFULLY SAVED YOU MONEY!!!!
5|7655|awesome! it was something new and mike myers is genius in his ability to play so many characters and make each one unique
5|9678|Harry Lloyd Rule !!! This Movie Was So Much Fun. 
5|16317|What surprised me about this film is that people kept on constantly referring to the violence in this film. To me the violence was realistic - I mean come on, how can you tone down nails being hammered into someones palms - and the film was good. These people that claimed The Passion... had too much violence would be the same people who would most probably happily sit through a horror film and watch people blow each others brains out. When you look back at history and you read some of the things that Kings and Queens especially in the Elizabethan period used to do to criminals when they tortured them it was beyond violence. Mel Gibson did an extremely brave thing by making this movie. Like it or not it's given the exact reaction he wanted. When the public was informed that Mel Gibson was going to make a film about Christ's last hours all spoken in Hebrew with English subtitles the press found this downright laugh out loudable, well I can say that like it or not Gibson's had the last laugh.
5|16471|Every year I see this film at least once and it never fails to take my breath away. It is an absolutely wonderful film, flaws and all. Baz Luhrmann has to take credit for the vision that he had and the way he executed it. It was pure genius. But the bulk of my appreciation and admiration goes to Leonardo Dicaprio and Claire Danes were simply riveting as the two star-crossed lovers. Never have I seen such esquisite chemistry between two leads, a chemistry that was so vital to the story and it was there BIG time. On their own, they were pretty great but together they are dynamite. Can't wait till the next time I watch it again. 
5|5724|I think that the Civil War is an important time in American history. How the book intertwined a love story with the drama of a war is really interesting.
5|1542|A great movie with an excellent cast. The script was brilliant. Kim Basinger gave an awesome performance.
1|11831|Bad Hollywood remake off of the cartoon.
5|23421|off the chain man that movie was so tight that it is tighter than tights
5|12824|This was a GREAT film. I liked it even though R. Crumb himself is a disgusting person. Living with mom, brother and what-17 cats?
5|755|Very creepy. The end was frustrating, because like so many others, I said "Of Course! I should have seen that coming! Duh!"
5|17784|I really enjoyed this all time great horror movie. This movie had a great storyline and helped propel a stream of horror flicks such as Nightmare on Elm Street. Micheal Meyers is probably the greatest, most unique horror character ever created.
1|13015|You have GOT to be kidding me. THis movie is so boring, so violent, so nihilistic and acted so terribly that it seems like no one would like it, but everyone does. It glorifies criminals who kill not just one, but hundreds. It also has protagonists that beat their wives, cuss up a storm and are apathetic towards moral, good people. Also, the length of the movie is insanely long. The movie is re-aired so much on television that it gets terribly annoying to even hear it is coming on the tele. It lacks the energy, creativity, and optimism of masterpieces like Star Trek, Star Wars, Pokemon, Toy Story and so many more great, underrated franchises. Get out of here bad movie, it's a deal you can't refuse.
5|5917|CHARGE!! Brilliant. Well acted and keeps you interested from start to finish. Cary Grant at his best. The two old ladies are brilliant and Teddy is just whacky enough to make it work. IJR says check it out!
5|21550|Great movie. battle scenes are fantastic...amazing story 
5|50|Unquestionably the greatest action/adventure film of all time. Spielberg and Lucas together make an unbeatable combination. With great performances, solid directing and story-telling and a wonderful score, Raiders of the Lost Ark is the epitome of what good ole' fashioned entertainment is all about.
5|13284|This is on my Top 10 list.
5|7866|Both Jack Nicholson and Helen Hunt perform great. The story is realistic to life. Lots of actual NYC scenes. The dialogue is meaningful. The little Cuba Gooding Jr. also did a good job.
1|11164|Three words (plus an article): Crude, rude and lewd.
5|22059|Action packed! It was like watching a roller coaster ride. Also, the characters were great. It scared the crap out of me!
5|9687|Very Funny Holiday Fare. Will be a XMAS Classic 50 years from now. I like just about everything Will Ferrel has done, and I think he does a great job here. The movie keeps the laughs plentiful and hearty. Much funnier than either Santa Clauses. The DVD has some excellent Bonus Features, particularly the games.
5|23353|cool
5|8599|movie aint bad!its great!
5|11487|I loved this movie. I watched it with some of my friends and we all liked it a lot. We laughed and cried and it kept us on our toes throughout. I real must-see!
5|10941|You'd think that this movie was all sex if you saw the trailer for it, which is why I went to see it, but it suprised me on a few levels. 1. The movie has a decent plot. It's a typical boy-likes-girl-then-girl-hates-boy-then-they-like-each-other-and-have-sex film, but it had a plot too. 2. The acting was o.k. You'd think it'd be bad, but it wasn't. Other than that, this movie is worth renting. 
5|44|deserves more stars than five. this is a classic and because of it's setting it's also timless(like star wars) this was the first film that showed ford cuold be much more than han solo.(and to think tom selleck was offered the role first)might have seemed good then would seem really bad now. my favorite part of this film is when ark is being transported on the ship inside the crate with the nazi swastika on it , suddenly the hateful symbol begins to slowly burn and is totally comsumed by holy fire awsome scene hinting at the ultimate power of God.
5|19965|This film can be really good campy eighties fun on a rainiy day or even a regular day. It's all about how you watch this picture.
5|741|The best love story ever! This movie ecompasses all aspects of love between a woman and a man. The historical setting of the revolutionary times in America make it all the more beautiful. The love of a native who falls in love with the daughter of an English general. Their love withstood war, death and time.
5|5903|If you watch this film and focus on the point of view of the female characters you will see suffering. Jeez, Scottie Ferguson was plagued with vertigo but look what he did to the women in his life. He idolized the wife of his client so much that he made her unreal, he manipulated and played on the emotions of the poor girl he found to take her place including coaxing her to mimic the physical image of his lost idol, not to mention his poor assistant who clings to his every word while helping him through his trauma knowing that she can never hope to turn his head. This is an exercise in misogyny, an intense film, beautifully directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
5|999|My very favorite movie of all time!
5|17948|This is the all time horror movie of all horrors! It is about a relm in which we all either disagree and agree to whether it exists or not. A child being possessed by a demon?! How unearthly can a MOVIE get. It is also based on a real live true stroy. I dont know all the facts, but that to me tell me a little something about all the demons of this earth. And how powerful the darkside really can be. Linda Blair had some definate big ones to do such a role. I know I couldnt. But to be honest-----does the darkside work in the way the movie says it does??? Rent it or whatever you have to do, but this is a must see movie. (Especially since Halloween is on its way)
5|14299|the kind of volatile subject matter which cannot and should not be tackled to often but fincher does it perfectly. top noch film. ignore all the pathetics who say it is 'disturbing'.
5|12830|A very good movie about a man seemingly bent on his own destruction. Good music movie. Worth seeing but not for the very squeamish.
1|11616|this is not a great tom hanks movie.
5|769|A very good movie in the end when you found out the guy was dead that was crasy I had to see the movie more than ones.
1|24685|Ugh! The premise of this movie is compelling..the invisible man..blah blah blah. However, Hollow Man just doesn't cut it. The special effects are sometimes impressive, but the content (plot, acting, etc..) are as invisible as Kevin Bacon. As the plot lessens, so does the clothing on the women in the movie. I guess they decided to rely on gratuitous boob shots rather than put some actual thought into the making of this movie. I will admit that there were some (few) suspenseful moments..but about halfway through (if not sooner) the movie becomes so predictable and the ending is so over the top it is ridiculous. Don't waste your money or 2 hours of your life on this bomb.
5|17960|Soooo scary. I was about 25 when I first saw this and was that shaken that I went home and slept with the lights on after checking under the bed like a liitle kid! Best horror movie of all time.
5|22703|WOLVERAUSTIN IN CANADA GREAT MOVIE 
5|12818|I'm not a big basketball fan but I don't think I had to be to appreciate this doc. It was bittersweet and I felt true sadness for both of those kids.
5|1595|I LOVE THIS MOVIE!!! IT IZ THE BEST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN!!!
5|24414|The movie had allot of action packed sceans. The graphics where awsome and the zombies where really agile and nemisis was well to great for anywords!
1|19504|This movie has horrible acting and has to be one of the worst horror movies ever made. I never completely watched it because in the first 30 minutes or so it was filled with some perverted scene with a cook and a little girl at camp.
5|15811|What a surprisingly great movie! I crack up when I look on other Web sites that collect critics' reviews; they're absolutely scathing in how they hate this movie. This says a lot more about the type of folks who become movie critics than it does about this film, which is just about the most uplifting thing you'll ever see (except of course Roberto Benigni's Life is Beautiful ). Teen singer Mandy Moore is great as the wholesome girl who believes in God and finds love in a bad kid -- a bad kid who becomes transformed by her wisdom and faith over the course of the movie. Shane West is very compelling in the lead role. It's quite well-written too. I'm sure that some people will call some of the plot twists hokey or cliche, but let's be frank for a moment: you don't see these so-called cliches much in American culture anymore, so can they really be called cliche? What's now cliche is the jaded cynicism of Ghost World and movies like that -- A Walk to Remember is a breath of fresh air, standing out by comparison for how good it makes you feel about life. I sure hope Britney Spears sees this and learns a lesson from Ms. Moore about how you don't need to be an exhibitionist freak to succeed in the entertainment industry.
1|16637|This movie was stupid.
5|9877|Great comedy. I loved this movie. Hella funny, especially the boy in the bathroom with a weenie stuck in his ear.
1|3613|Embarrassing, vapid garbage with Arnold fighting against a cloning conspiracy. I kept hoping he would die so this turkey would end. The acting is excremental and the script belongs in a bird cage.
1|20385|This movie is terrible. It's not scary, or funny. All of the Chucky movies are retarded, but this is definitely the worst. I wanted my five dollars back from the movie theatre because this movie sucked. It had no plot.
5|7682|Mike Myers is the man
5|20672|Beautiful film. Memorable songs and gorgeous scenery.
5|5095|It is the best Movie ever. When it came out on vhs I got it because it is the best and that it has a new rugrat in it (Dill). And with out Dill in the T.V show or in the Moive it would not be as good as it is now. I Love The Rugrats So Much.
5|21578|I'm a big fan of Tolkien. I have read most of his books. Even though they changed some things from the book, this movie was amazing. One of the best movies I have ever seen.
5|20666|Grease is an all time best movie for me.
5|78|One of the best action movies of all time. I distinctly remember seeing Raiders of the Lost Ark in the theater. I hadn't heard anything about it, so I had no expectations. And the movie opened up with that great scene where Indiana Jones uses his whip, then it led right into that classic scene where Jones tries to steal the idol and has to run through all the traps while a huge granite ball is rolling behind him. All in the first ten minutes of the movie! I remember thinking that if the first ten minutes were that amazing, how great is it that I have the entire movie in front of me? And the rest of the movie didn't disappoint. The story is compelling, the Indiana Jones character is great (perfectly played by Harrison Ford), the action is extremely well-done and exciting, and it manages to be funny, too. I'm guessing almost every adult has already seen this movie, but if you haven't - what are you waiting for?
5|6588|One of John Wayne's top 2 or 3, rivaled only by The Searchers.The scenery was excellent in this film and Wayne's costar O'Hara was at her typical best.
5|9863|the best movie in the world. highly recomended.
1|20391|This movie sucked on so many levels. But if you happen to enjoy bad films and like wasting your life hours at a time. Then you'll love Bones .
1|3161|Aweful. This movie's story was so insulting! Jet had some pretty sweet fight scenes, but if that is all I wanted to see I would go down to the local dojo. If you like blood and WWF-like drama, this movie is for you. If you want something for your ticket price, then go see something else!
5|1581|Avast, mateys! This movie, especially Captain Jack Sparrow, really shivered my timbers! More! More! More!
5|23409|Great film. Slightly confusing until seeing the end of the film and watching it again.
1|19276|Sorry, I really disliked this craptastic movie. It's nothing but a waste of time.
1|6019|I thought this movie was so boring it lacked substance and character
5|2088|Okay, I really didn't intend to write a review, but what that first girl said annoyed me. First of all, everyone doesn't share you opinion in movies missy! And Sandra Bullock is really funny and beautiful, an awesome actress. Keanu Reeves is cute. Anyways, if you enjoy action movies, you'll definately enjoy this thriller.
5|17974|Exorcist I II are highly recommended if you really want to get scared. They show good effects and most of the visuals are so scary, and that's what makes it so realistic. I highly recommend this movie to all my friends. This is an all around good movie. Effects and background music makes it all worth watching over and over again.
5|18500|The beginning of the movie was the best, non-stop killing(yeah, woohoo)! I was sitting on pins and needles and was surprised at the end. I mean, I kind of thought it was you-know-who, but I didn't know it was you-know-who.
5|4566|Very good, and very sad....
1|23061|Just one long commercial for a bunch of bad video games.
5|21381|My personal favorite of all Star Wars films to date. This film explores the slightly deeper character traits of our young rebels, and leaves the audience with the realization that maybe good doesn't always triumph over evil. The Empire Strikes Back was better than the original without question.
5|15024|This was one of the best movies I have ever seen (and that is saying something)! It really got to the depth of the reality for some people without any sugarcoating. Angelina Jolie was incredible and fascinating to watch as a seemingly coldhearted sociopath. I have to admit I kinda could relate to a few situations in this movie and it really brought up a lot of questions in my mind.
5|6371|Great, wonderful, fabulous movie. It's hard to believe that this was Hepburn's first professional role ever, but it was. She won an Oscar for best actress and it was certainly deserved. Greggory Peck was wonderful in his role of the first unsympathetic than the in love reporter. The ending was it had to be. As much as we would love for the handsome Peck and lovely Hepburn to be together, alas, they cannot. She is a princess and he is a lowly reporter, it would just never work. It was very gratifying to see Princess Anne stand up for herself a little after her excursion. Bottom line: great, classic movie with two terrific actors 
5|22850|It was better than the first because the first was setting up the story so teh second had more action. Kinda like Episode IV and V from Star Wars. I also loved it because it had Nightcrawler. X3 is coming out in May. Update: I may not see X3 since I have heard they may not have Nightcrawler in it and he was one of the best in the movie. They may do a Wolverine movie which means a slice and dice movie. 
5|13455|ONE OF THE TEN GREATEST MOVIES OF ALL TIME
5|23596|I thoroughly enjoyed this film. I m not usually a big fan of movies with Tom Cruise in them, but this one was certainly different. I was surprised to find it being long, as when I was watching it the time flew by. 
5|12993|This movie was well-written, and the actors did a very good job. The best aspect of the movie was that it seemed like it had really happened.
5|6417|Another great epic, well, great for me anyway!....fantastic soundtrack....
5|13333|SPR was a good account of history. I like history, especially history about guys in the military.
5|9724|A great movie.
5|15742|Excellent acting by Williams and De Niro. Extremely sad. Do not watch this movie if you can't handle it.
5|19178|the best horror of the 80's. what the storylines lacks, the movie makes up for in sheer horror.
1|24068|DULL
5|4200|Better than great! Perfect! What a great way to battle the monster in the closet... He's afraid of YOU, honey! Loved it...
5|2671|i loved the movie! Cage and Jolie were excellent!! it's my new favourite movie!!
5|20935|I thought it was a fantastic movie. I could believe Nicole Kidman and Ewan McGregor had such beautiful voices!
5|18272|Man I love this movie!!!
5|190|Wow! Did you see this one? I have seen it 9 times and it is still good. I recommend seeing this movie while smoking pot. You really think you are in the battlefield chopping arms and legs. Aye.
5|2665|For someone who owns an old muscle car, this movie is awesome. My foot always seems a bit heavier after watching this movie. And they def. picked the right actor for the part. Awesome
5|6403|Great westen story! Not the best western I've ever seen, but very high up there. John Ford is a genius. He certainly has a feel for the landscape in his pictures and it shows in The Searchers. For those who think John Wayne is a bad actor, I urge you to see him in this film. His potrayal of Ethan Edwards is one of the best performances in cinema history. The only thing I don't understand is how, at first Debbie is reluctant to go with them but when the other guy (I forget his name) sneaks into the camp and tells her he's gonna take her away, she's more than happy. A last minute slip-up which kind of hurts the dramatic impact of the climax. But other than that, The Searchers is a pretty solid film.
5|13327|Saving Private Ryan is a great movie. I really enjoyed this movie beacause it is a great story. It is also based on our history. The movie had great special effects.
5|15756|Sean Connery in a 14th century monastery murder mystery. It's well done.
5|9056|Chris Farley at his best. I swear that Farley and Spade's chemistry equates that of Steve Martin and John Candy in Planes, Trains and Automobiles . This movie really was hilarious and has some scenes that I will never forget (i.e. when he's giving the demonstration with the businessman's model cars). Th deer scene was also hilarious, not to mention the cow-tipping scene. A very funny movie! RIP Chris Farley!
5|13441|Tom Hank's best performance. I don't know if he was retarded or not. I hope they have a sequel.
5|23582|A masterpiece by John Boorman.The greatest cinematic version of the Arthurian legends.As another posted noted too much story for so little time so dramatic license had to be used for some characters. This movie had an allstar cast of great and soon to be great actors:Nicol Williamson as Merlin is the scenestealer in a cast including Patrick Stewart,Liam Neeson,Gabriel Byrne,Helen Mirren,Nigel Terry and Nicholas Clay.It is somewhat strange that the actors playing Arthur and Lancelot two of the three leads did not achieve bigger stardom.The Irish countryside and effects are incredible. A must see for the fantasy,action movie fan.
5|12987|Awesome movie - almost as good as the book. The character of Red being an African American, and Morgan Freeman nonetheless, was a pleasant surprise that only added to the fabulous storytelling and rich filmmaking.
5|18514|I think this was one of the scariest movies I ever saw. I thought it was hella good. It kept me jumping and screaming.
5|10148|Bring it on is a great movie, especially for young people. It's about cheerleaders, teenagers, etc. I think that it's a great movie and is worth the money spent. I'm willing to buy that movie when it comes out.
5|4572|Babe had a little too much tongue in cheek humor and realism for me to see it as a simply a children s film. Not that children might not want to watch the biggest part of it. However, the first portion is as upsetting as a similar scene in Disney s Dumbo that, having seen first as a child, has stuck with me my entire life. I m also not sure that this and another aspect of the film the way the pigs were kept - would be very entertaining for younger or more sensitive kids to see. It was actually pretty hard for me to watch as an adult. (A good thing about it would be its ability to bring about awareness of these conditions and hopefully change). Beyond that, the movie is fun and has a lot of humor the kids will probably not totally understand. They should enjoy the lively imaginative characters though and Babe s quest to realize his dreams. Also, the Border collies are beyond adorable as is Babe himself. My favorite part of the film is when Babe lifts up his little snout and sings to his heart s content (La, la, la!) sweetly hilarious. Well, I guess that will do for now.
5|21395|Best film of the original trilogy.
5|15018|This was an outstanding movie! Angelina Jolie's performance was indescribable! This was a true story about an 18 year old girl, Susanna Kaysen (played by Winona Ryder), who was accused of being insane and put into a mental institute. She meets many girls with problems far worse than hers, for example, Lisa (Angelina Jolie). There is no movie better than this one, and I can say that with honest truth. If you've read the book the movie might ruin some assumptions you made during your reading, or clear up some fuzzy areas. It's my favorite movie ever!
5|8360|Classic old school comedy with Tom Hanks. One of my favorites of all time. More of a kids' movie but still hilarious.
5|12777|He really did win for the quality of the movie , I'm still in awe in how he strung together all that information seamlessly. At the end of the movie I felt really betrayed by the media who never covered these things and uses up news time by interviewing other talking heads on their opinions. Who cares? how about some facts! 
1|20554|N'Sync are nothin' but puppets. Anyone who likes this is probably an assclown.
5|13469|I love Stand BY Me. Four boys age 12 go off to find the body of a 12 year old who was feared dead.It takes place it the late 1950s. this is mainly about friendship between the boys.All four boys have their own issues to deal with. in their personnal lives. they are at the end of childhood and on the brink of adolesance. this movie is a combination of humor, and sadness.All the kid actors are great. A well done movie.
5|1422|The best war movie of all time! very smart. all around bad ass!
5|5644|Great film! I love catching this one on the television on some random night, it's the best way to see it. That Grace Kelly..Ouch! Hurt me! What's Jimmy doing looking out the window so much for when he's got her hanging around?!?!
5|806|This is such a creepy movie. After you figure everything out at the end, all the clues are put together in your mind. Great job by the creators of this film.
1|24732|An over-hyped piece of trash...No plot, corny dialouge, and bad acting. Lara Croft wouldn't be such a poplular video game character if she didn't have gigantic boobs. Even my dad says that there's only two good reasons to see the movie ...I'll let you guess what the two reasons are.
5|19144|This is a great movie. Lots of action. Great story. I liked the ending, especially all of the fight scenes. The guys were cool too.
1|24054|Saw this as a kid and didn't understand any of it. Now i'm grown i understand it but it hasn't improved any.
5|11518|I enjoyed this sequal very much. It was just as good as the first. I was bit dubious about the sequel but it was done really well.It helped haveing all the original people in it as the film could jump straight into the story.very funny jokes and heart warming at the end as all things were tied in. A must see!
1|8829|This is the worst movie ever made! Only stoners like this movie. If I could have one movie erased from history, this would be the one! (and I've seen all Pauly Shore's movies)
5|1344|terintino is a bad ass! this movie is very smart, though a little disturbing, still great work! although most of the actors are unheard of they are still increadable. not as explosive as pulp fiction, it is still up there, besides some irrelevent flaws it's still a mind twister. wonderful!
5|14460|An important movie. Wrestlers have Vision Quest, boxers have Rocky, Nascar drivers have that bad Tom Cruise movie (Days of Thunder????) - clearly it's important that high school basketball teams have an inspirational movie to get them fired up for that big game. And this movie does the trick. Gene Hackman does a great job as the coach of the Hickory Huskers, and Dennis Hopper does a nice job as the drunk, but knowledgable basketball junkie. One of those movies that it's almost impossible not to like.
5|9718|Will Smith is a date doctor, teaching all the pathetic guys in New York how to pick up even the most stunning women. His motto is that any man, at any particular moment, has the ability to sweep any woman off her feet. He knows all the right moves, all the right things to say, until he meets the girl of his dreams. Will Smith and Kevin James are hilarious.
5|12011|that was FUNNY!
1|20232|I saw this movie and tried to claw out my own eyes. Theres no god because he wouldn't let this kind of movie happen.
5|7735|The black comedy of black comedies, with particularly good performances by Sellars (all three of them) and a totally over the top Slim Pickens.
5|1350|Great directing by Tarintino. Good acting and cinematography as well. It was very well put together. An excellent movie for anyone who liked Pulp Fiction.
5|14474|Really really really good movie... i am not gonna say anything but you gotta see it if you are into lots of music
5|7721|Austin Powers was incredibly funny. I think most of its hilarity originated from the clever script and the idea of spoofing the spy movies. Also, the sophomoric gags kept me rolling with laughter.
5|19150|Blade was one of the tightest movies I've ever seen. All the action and gore with the tight beats made a great mixture.
5|10174|This is my all time favortie movie. It is hilarious and upbeat, and even though she seems ditzy, we can all relate to cher's problems.
5|5888|This is a fantastic movie. The studio that produced The Matrix, in an interview for Wired Magazine, considered it to be one of their biggest influences. Could this explain the obvious similarities between the rooftop chase scenes in both films? I guess the Wachowski brothers like their Hitchcock.
5|19636|Scerd Me
1|10483|Road Trip is pure trash. It is so sad that people feel they must constantly resort to this kind of toilet humor in order to get a laugh. A bunch of sorry actors who want to be comedians.
1|11945|Jennifer Aniston STILL sucks.
5|12763|You guys have to remember - Mike Moore is a filmmaker, an artist. Dubya is the President of the United States of America. Some of you think that Moore is distorting the public with this movie? Its a movie! Gee, I really think that Alien vs. Predator is really distorting people's view of the history of the planet! Bullstuff! Of course Dubya didn't go to war for political reasons - they are monetary reasons! The Carlyle Group has $800,000,000,000 invested in the American War Machine...hmmm. Who's in the Carlyle Group? the Suadi Binladen family, Texans+Bushes, Tony Blair...? This is too much! I was phyisically ill watching this movie (not just from seeing Moore on screen, either) but from the civilian causalties in Iraq. Oscar Wilde said,Patriotism is the virtue of the viscous. If you watched this movie and you were not touched deep down by the uncensored brutality of this war - then you are a true patriot!
5|8374|UPDATE: IAMOPINIONATED, you've got it wrong, AMERICAN PIE tries to be the updated version of this movie. And, unlike AMERICA PIE, FAST TIMES IS VERY FUNNY. It has a lot more than just Phoebe and Jennifer taking off their clothes. It gives a pretty good look into the real life of a high school student at that time. By today;s standards,it does appear to be outdated, but overall the movie still holds up. CLERKS may have surpassed it as my favorite comedy movie, yet this classic remains a close second. ---------------------------------------------My all time favorite movie. Just about every scene is a classic. If you went to High School during that time, you can find a charecter just like someone you knew. What teen-age boy couldn't relate to getting caught in a very private moment like Brad did? The book is much better than the movie, with better charecter developement, but the movie is still a clasiic that holds up well to the test of time.
1|20540|This was the lamest Imax movie I have every seen. It is in 3D, so you must wear these big glasses on your head that hundreds of people before you have sweated in.
5|22878|This movie was awesome...WAY better than the first. I can't wait for the 3rd one to come out!
5|14312|Many people expected something else. And so did I. But I like what I got instead. Great film. Very interesting, creative, funny, weird, shocking. Just perfect.
5|22893|Great movie that those who only look at the surface won't see the depth of the movie. it is the type that has flash for those who don't get the depth. Either way you will probably like it. In the end, you will understand where the third movie is going, unless you have never read a single X-men comic, watched a single cartoon ect ect. They once again focused in more on wolverine than on the other merry mutants, however some fan favorites made cameos which made at least one fan fairly happy. 
1|2323|A pure mess, by a horrible director. Unfortunately the director once again brought down a bunch of great talent...too bad...
5|13496|This movie is a classic. I thought that the lead actor was so cute. It has a great soundtrack too!
5|12950|All I can say is,this movie deserves to be #1.
1|10468|Tom Green is a cancer...
5|11281|FUNNY FUNNY FUNNY!
5|5863|I have just one word to say. Rosebud.
5|19805|An interesting mix of Sci-fi and horror. Normally I would bash it because in truth it is more sci-fi than horror, but I just loved the movie. Out of control scientists, mutant telepaths and telekinetics. Very cool. And yes, as the two reviews below mention.... GORE! and exploding heads for the young and idiotic who believe that is what horror should be.
5|147|One of the best horror/thriller movies of the 90s. Anthony Hopkins is perfect as Hannibal the Cannibal Lector, and Jodie Foster who usually annoys me does a great job as the inexperienced but determined Agent Starling. This movie comes back to haunt me occasionally, because a friend of mine does a funny-but-also-upsetting imitation of the scene where the guy says, She puts the lotion in the bucket If you enjoyed Silence of the Lambs, you should also check out a great but lesser-known movie called Manhunter. It was based on a book (called Red Dragon ) written by Thomas Harris the same guy who wrote Silence of the Lambs. 
5|17196|I liked it for some odd reason.
5|23233|This movie is one of the best movies that I have seen. I like this one better, because I think I've seen the first one a little too many times. I think the acting did get better.
5|22139|This is a really good movie! I'd have to say that the best part of it was the way that it was visually presented, with a dark, bleak atmosphere pervading the entire film (with a few important plot line exceptions, of course, such as the oracle's house). There was a great amount of visual detail throughout, especially in the climax, which was arranged to look just like a shoot'em up, arcade style video game.
1|9504|Anyone that watches South Park has to be a goof. I mean, the show holds the record for most profanities. This show gets a movie, but Frasier doesn't! Or Star Trek: Deep SPace Nine! Or Home Improvement! It's crazy, I tell you. Avoid this movie at all costs. It isn't rated-R for nothing you know...
5|153|This was an amazing movie. Anthony Hopkins was outstanding! This movie scared me from the beginning to the end. I was shaking throughout the whole movie. When I saw him win the Oscars, it scared me again.
5|5877|This was the first David Lean film I've ever seen and so far the best. Lean has a real talent of making a shocking moment, which he did in this several times and in The Bridge On The River Kwai. I was shocked at the greatness. At the moment my #3 movie (surpassed only by The Godfather and Pulp Fiction). Wow! See this movie.
5|635|great movie. seen it many times.
5|20048|This is the most SICK, DISTURBING and TWISTED movie I've ever seen in my life :D Oh GEEZ... i get nauseous just thinking about it!! And thats why i give it a 5!
5|22887|Clearly the greatest action/super hero pic. of all time up to current movies!
5|13482|Another Stephen King book made into a successful movie. Is there any question he's one of the best authors of his time?
5|23541|For good vs. evil,special effects and the cast,Spiderman II is tough to beat.
5|12944| Shawshank is my favorite drama movie of all time. A bit on the long side, but the awesome conclusion makes it all worth it. Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman deliver top-notch performances in this feel-good movie. But it's not so feel-good that it's sappy, but just a great good prevailing over evil experience.
5|17814|The Shining is the scariest movie ever made. I can't watch it alone, it creeps me out. Jack Nicholson played one of most terrifying villains! It gives me cold chills just thinking about this flick.
5|4599|Somewhat different from the book, yet the main points were there. It has a different director than the first two movies in the series, so of course the pacing is going to be different. I enjoyed it. It was entertaining, and fun to watch. I would have liked to see them do more with Harry's new broom, and the aniesty he felt while waiting for it to be approved by the school. Hermione's time traveling to attend two classes at the same time could have been better shown. But overall, it was a pretty good flick.
1|8154|This movie is so damn weak. I don't know if Disney is affiliated with this piece of garbage. But if they aren't, they should be. The premise for this movie is pretty childish, and the courtroom scenes are pathetic. Jim Carrey should stick to doing movies like Dumb and Dumber and the Cable Guy .
1|6179|This movie was, like, totally boring. Who wants to watch a talentless crone smoking cigarettes and prostituting herself?
5|5687|Excellent epic about the Civil War with geninue acting...this movie will live in our hearts forever.
5|22677|This was an outstanding movie. Action picked up at the very end. I was thrilled throughout. Good actors. Good storyline. Good movie.
1|3767|It had potential. Great actors, great story, and plot. They didn't use all of that to the best of their abilities. They let it fall very weak. Disappointing at best.
5|22111|absolutely amazing movie..the special effects were out of this world..keanu reeves acted brilliantly and was supported really well by lawrence.the story was spectacular and though it was slightly slow in the starting it was covered up by the end which was really good fun..it paved a new way for sci-fi movies and special effects 
5|1387|This was one great movie. Arnold really makes this movie. But Hunt isn't so attractive, so that should have been changed.
5|15965|Great Movie! I just love all the Beatle references! Sean Penn does a supurb acting job. Very sad and tearful at parts, but it doesn't end up that way. An all around great movie.
5|20706|As a 29 year-old (straight) male who owns his share of punk rock CDs, I'm thoroughly embarrassed by my love for this movie. Every once in a while I'll get its songs stuck in my head. Especially that yodelling one that they use during the puppet show. But there's really not a weak spot to the whole movie (except that one song that Maria sings when she's on her way from the convent to the Von Trapps).
5|18299|You have to admit this is one of the scariest films of all time. Robert Englund did a great job as Freddy Krueger. And I was glad to see Johnny Depp in this movie too. Heather Lagenkamp is a good actress and I'm sad she's not in film business anymore.
5|21418|Despite its average acting, it's still a wonderful fairy tale for a generation of people who grew up without fairy tales. Had a big impact on my childhood. Empire Strikes Back was my first novel at 9. . .
5|20712|Yul was one sexy bald man at that time! Debra K was fantastic in this role. Beautiful scenes - A good plot and well done for that time. 
1|8626|Adam Sandler can't act. Would someone mind telling me why he stars in so many movies?
1|3773|Next version...Rambo takes on the Grim Reaper, and triumphs in the name of the good ol' Red White and Blue! Seriously, though, I've heard Stallone is contemplating another version of this pablum. When will this guy go away? Hasn't he made enough money already?
5|9917|Scary movie was a very humorous poke at the horror movie industry. It also alluded to many popular movies that everyone has seen. The target audience was catered to well.
5|1393|True Lies was a very good movie. It was full of action and excitement. From the first scene to the last, there was all kinds of action.
5|15971|This film was EXCELLENT. If you like abstract films then you'll love this one. Shot on Digital Video, it was so strange when you saw the settings of the village. It was on a big stage and the homes were designed like an architect's plan of a house, with no doors and limited props. The film's theme's itself related to greed, disregard and disrespect for human life. Nicole Kidman was extremely brave to take part in this film and the performances all round were brilliant, very brave filmaking indeed.
5|7084|If there is such a thing as the perfect cast with the perfect script with the perfect director and a in a perfectly memorable delight of a comedy, THIS IS IT. Almost 30 years from its release and people can quote line for line of this gem - and STILL laugh. Now that's what I call a masterpiece. Frau Blucher! ..... neigh.... 
5|17800|It is a classic, Who does not like it. Stephan King is a genious. I tis a great movie.
1|14626|What an awful film!!!! Clint Eastwood tried hard to steer this movie into something that is intriguing and interesting and it was for a while but then the film fell apart and the storyline became really stupid.
1|12257|Are you kidding? Is this drivel a movie? I watched ten minutes of this crap at my son-in-laws house, before I got up and went into another room. Tom Greene should be put away forever for being a total moron.
5|609|I saw this movie a bit back, but I remember that it had a great ending. The story kept me intact with the movie. I saw the movie on cable TV, so now I'm wondering when they will play it again.
5|17357|One of Almodovar's best and one of the funniest movies ever made. Carmen Maura is outstanding as the harried and much put-upon protagonist.
5|386|For those who love to relive the fantasies and experience the heroic deeds, this is a must.
5|18064|Loved the book and was so glad to see that the movie was equally enjoyable. Kathy Bates did a terrific job portraying Annie.
5|10438|Didn't understand it but it made me laugh!
5|4002|I love this film, it's a classic, it's so funny and Dory is the best!
5|8638|Ha Ha Ha, that's funny stuff
5|14886|Re-educating people about gender bias. Great setting, great message!
5|13131|Great movie. It gives you a good sense of the WWII era. I like the fact that Schindler was different and he fought for what was right, helping to free jews, rather than imprison them.
1|21312|This movie is so bad, pointless and wastes a lot of talent, except for the Bee Gees who suck. This movie should have never been made, it is horrifficly bad. If you are any kind of Beatles fan do not see this movie. If you are not a Beatles fan do not see this movie. It is probably one of the worst movies ever made. The only redeaming thing about it is Aerosmiths Version of Come Together.
1|17878|stupid
5|14138|Out of all the Jim Carrey movies I've seen, this is the best! It's so real...
5|9240|I think this movie is a wonderful comedy for all the people who are big fanz of adam sandler like me and I think this is a movie to watch if you are feeling down becuz this movie alwayz cheerz me up!!
5|13657|I cried! - this says a lot for me!
5|6173|Claudette Colbert. This movie, the pace of the humor, the way they fell in love- the hotel, I love this movie and can watch it over and over again.
5|12549|wickidly done. What scares people the most about this movie is that this girl is possessed by the devil and demons and stuff like that can really happin.
5|15226|I love this movie! It was so entertaining and Drew Barrymore is so cute.
5|4764|Great Disney release. The children might not understand some of it but it's worth the viewing.
5|17431|Tremendous film, well worth its reputation. Great script, great performances, intelligent, serious film. Wouldn't make much of an impression of most of the clods in America during this post-literate era we're living in, basically because it wouldn't be likely that a video game tie-in could be established. Also, no special effects. And Reese Witherspoon, Tom Cruise, Ben-Wa Affleck and none of the other two dozen or so no-talents on the Hollywood round robin are in the cast.
5|2315|One of the best car chase scenes in film history
5|21197|This is based on a Cole Porter play; and it holds up very well. Also, Porter's play was based on Shakespeare's Taming of the Shrew; so the plot involving the war of the sexes, is timeless. Kathryn Grayson is the feisty Kate. Her voice is well suited to the sophisticated music of Porter. Howard Keel is charismatic as the strutting male, who is bound to tame Kate. One of the many favorite moments is when Kate sings I Hate Men. Both of them had co-starred in the boxoffice smash hit of 1951, Show Boat. Ann Miller tap-dances a superb number solo. She also joins other exciting dancers in a group number. Among these great dancers, are: Tommy Rall, Bobby Van, Carol Haney and Bob Fosse. Comedy turns by the team of Keenan Wynn and James Whitmore are a plus. 
5|4770|I personally love this movie. As a child it was the first Disney film I watched all the way through,and I still love it today! 
5|11054|I'm sorry if the majority of teens today enjoy raunchy humor(sarcasm). I'm sure people will stop making these movies when people stop watching them.
5|17425|This was a great movie - didn't get bored once. Beautiful animation and very creative characters... that black robed, white masked dude was a whacko..
5|1608|This was one hell of a movie. A word of advice, if you decide to watch this, don't eat dinner while you are watching it. There are a lot of graphic scenes in this film, but that just adds to the creepiness of the film. The plot is very, very provocative and disturbing, and I thought that Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman had a unique chemistry together. Pitt was definately at his best in this film. And Kevin Spacey was wonderful in his short appearance towards the end of the film. This film never lost my interest in its 2+ hours, and is definately one of the best thrillers out there, and definately the best psycological thriller since Silence of the Lambs .
5|6167|Excellent, funny film where the snappy, witty dialogue still hold up today. Clark Gable and Claudette Colbert are terrific together.
1|21460|YOU CALL THIS MOVIE SCI-FI?????
1|20018|WHAT WAS SEAN CUNNINGHAM THINKING WHEN HE CREATED THIS SH*T??? He completly destroyed one of the coolest killers in cinematic history. Jason isn't killing people, it is a nasty little demon critter. WHAT!!???!!! So, it isn't Jason? After all these years? I like the idea of the FBI going after Jason, but they did it in a very cheap and unappealing manner. I love Jason and this series, but this film does the man no justice what so ever. Now all we can do is pray that Jason X will kick this movie in the ass.
5|13125|Probably the most moving movie that I have ever seen. Showing the brutality that the Nazi's imposed on the Jews in the situations of the movie made me wonder how this many people could have been brainwashed to be so inhumane.
5|6601|Beautiful colors, good performances, and the best story of a good guy that looks bad, an intelligent western commenting and historical situation(lambs vs.cows). 
5|17343|I love this film so much. It is quite possibly my fave film ever. Words cannot express how great this film is. Just watch it, now, go on.
5|392|Good action, a lot of blood. Good story.
5|5308|Unforgettably perfect movie. Deep meanings in a sweet fantasy story. Wonderful characters. I can watch it a million times and never tire of it.
5|4016|I was surprised that I liked this one as much as I did. Each fish had it's own unique personality as well as their own dysfunctions. It was a kids' movie but it wasn't sugary sweet.
5|11732|I luv this movie. It is really awesome just like Bring it on!
5|7537|Always a pleasure to watch Trading Places. Most all of Eddie Murphy's early movies were great, and this is no exception.
1|20030|This was a sorry excuse for a horror movie. They tried to build up the suspense in it, but failed miserably. I frankly couldn't care less what happened to the characters. In fact, throughout the movie I found myself wishing that each of them died a horrible very torturous death. I will admit the camera angle of the very last scene was a cool camera shot. However, that last 10 seconds was about the only redeeming thing about this movie.
5|8604|Now, first of all, I'd like to say that I liked this movie. I think it didn't deserve to be bashed by critics. It really only got 1 star, but now you know what all the people think. I think this was a very creative comedy.
5|6629|The late, great Paul Muni takes on the screws, screwy dames, and plenty of hounds while escaping a brutal chain gang ,which he was sentenced to after being framed. This movie was the original Cool Hand Luke which lacked the great chain gang choir this one had.
5|14662|It was one of the best movies I saaw this year..it was up there with Coyote Ugly
5|10404|MEL BROOKS IS THE MAN! This and every other movie mel brooks has done i have loved, HILARIOUS!
5|21801|best movie EVER, way better than Titanic or Spiderman and ROTK will rule Dec. 2003!!!!!
5|19346|A great film and packs plenty of thrills
5|16075|I just got back from this movie and it was worth my money. I hate to reveal much about the plot, but it contained drama and suspense (two elements that, I feel, make for a fine movie). It had me contemplating the current runnings of hospitals, the press, insurance agencies, police forces, etc... not to mention the unbreakable bond of love between parent and child.
5|10362|Wounderful I still laugh when I think of it.
5|5446|Another David Lean masterpiece.
5|1620|David Fincher is god!!!!!
5|7251|I laugh everytime I watch it. Great writing and great acting. You owe it to yourself to watch it .I laugh so hard there are tears in my eyes sometimes.
5|8162|Liar Liar was great. The things they came up with were hilarious. It's the kind of movie you watch over and over and laugh every time.
5|7245|On of the stupidest VERY funny movies of all time. Great from start to finish.
5|19434|i was 15 when i first saw this movie, and i can tell you it scared the crap out of me. the year was 1980 and only a few movies up to that point had that same demonistic quality. truly a horror clasic.
5|3023|Great. This was an amazing movie, that was one of my favroites.
5|16707|This movie is what every young boy wants to experience.
1|15921|I'd rather see "Sack Lunch" 20 times consecutive before watching 10 minutes of this borefest. If you think I'm an idiot, just remember Elaine Benes claimed to have an IQ of 180.
5|5452|This will always be a top notch movie, interesting characters and great music.
5|10410|Christopher Guest is wonderful in this movie. he was born to be in it! nothing may ever happen on mars but something is definitely cooking in Blaine, mIssouri. A delightful play for people of all ages. If you have not seen this peice of comedic genius then you have not lived.
5|21815|It is out now! I'm not Hobbit cultist and I thought it was amazing! Best movie of the year.
5|5334|Great leading role. Poignant social issues even today.
5|16061|Who ever doesn't like this movie is just not a father... or a mother for that matter. Any parent loves this movie... I know I would do the exact same thing if I was him. Truly a heartwarming masterpiece.
5|15568|Woah, what's it doing way down here? Sure you're sick of it but you're the ones who watched it a million times. This was one of the best movies ever made, very touching. and not just the leo kate thing. I didn't however, like the fact that James Cameron didn't even dedicate his work to any of the original Titanic crew or there families. He just used the story line to sell tickets, people died and they should be tributed.
5|7523|John Belushi and Dan Ackroyd star as ex-felons on a mission from God to raise money to save an orphanage. They set out to gather the members of their (musical) band and throw a concert to raise the money. With musical cameos by Aretha Franklin, Stevie Wonder and others, a comparable movie would be impossible to make today. Any fan of blues music needs to watch this movie.
5|12207|I thought it was very good. Had a good story. It was funny and even made me cry! Not really all that much of a chick flick either!
5|14676|It was very inspirational and nice to see another aspect of American culture being recognized. I had never realized how difficult it was to be a dancer and get a position in a dance company.
1|19896|Ah, what a horrible ending to a great story.
1|761|Uh-uh. Not scary.
1|13405|Overrated. Terribley overrated. I demand they give back the oscar for best picture.
5|20538|Great movie to put on IMAX. Really felt as though you were right there. I'd improve the color a little bit.
5|345|Brilliant acting. Of course i may be biased, since i'm an aussie, but i thought that Russell Crowe was brilliant in his role. Joaquin Phoenix would have to be the best bad-guy i've ever seen portrayed in a movie - he makes you feel sorry for him and you understand how he feels. The actors with smaller parts were often played by well-renowned and/or brilliant actors. Of course, this film isn't historically correct, but it gives you an unimaginable insight into the grandeur and glory that was Rome. Every detail of this movie was brilliant. From the plot, to the digital effects, to the action and costume. I can't rave enough about this film. See it!!! 
1|15074|Walt Disney Pictures should of produced this movie since it dealt with Fantasyland from beginning to end... 
5|3976|Looking back it amazes me that there were so many great films released for children when I was at just the perfect age to appreciate them and file them in my best loved stuff memory archive. This was no exception. Regardless of the fact that I wasn t much into musicals even back then (I have always much preferred hearing straight dialog) - I really loved Mary Poppins . It was wonderful on so many other levels for me. First of all, I adored the turn of the century London setting as well as the great old house, the costumes and the wacky adventures Mary took the children on. Running around on the rooftops of London was probably my favorite what a radically magnificent thing to do! I was also fascinated with the way Mary traveled via umbrella. And, of course, I still mist up when I think of the sweet old lady sitting on the steps of St. Paul s feeding the birds. Mary Poppins is definitely a classic children s flick.
5|18919|This was hella' good. Well put together. I didn't know much about the subject, then I wanted to know more after I saw the movie.
5|22449|This is of course a sequel to Space Seed from the original Star Trek series. In that episode, Kirk and the Enterprise gang find a derelict ship with superhuman survivors in hibernation. These survivors are revived and they take over the Enterprise for a bit, but the intrepid Kirk gets the upper hand and places them on a primitive planet. Richardo Montalban is the head superhuman, Khan. In this movie, Chekhov is on an expedition and, to make a long story short, lands on the same planet to which Khan and the group were banished. Khan of course takes over that ship and then uses it almost to destroy Kirk and the Enterprise. The wily Kirk outfoxes Khan due to Kirk's experience. Kirk also meets his natural son and that is a whole new story. 
5|13694|Great. Robin Williams was great as always
5|9283|This movie is wonderful. I love it to no end. I think it's a shame most people my age haven't seen this movie, nor will they ever.
5|8189|you will get a millions of laughs out of this movie!
1|18222|Awful, like the first!
1|17111|What? What was that? porno? Don't know what was going on. Drove me carzy. The best thing in the whole movie was seeing Nicole Kidman naked and I'm straight!
5|13680|I read the book last week and rented the movie afterwards. It was a wonderful adaptation of the movie.
1|12069|Crappy and totally unfunny comedy.
5|21154|another great beatles movie. although they didnt do the voices they are show at the end.
5|21632|I thought this was a simply awesomely fantastic movie. i thouht it was exciting, scary, mysterious, romantic, thrilling, and intriguing. it made me upset at the end cause i wanted to see more and i have to wait a year for the next one to come out. i can definetly see myself buying the entire series in a few years once they have all come out on screen. i can hardly wait till the next one. my new favorite movie. will be hard to top this one
5|351|This movie is kick ass! It has everything. It has a great story, great directing, great acting, great action, great dialogue. Its a wonderfully made epic movie. Definately one of the best movies of 2000!
1|9706|You've got to be kidding. Isn't this a bit much for a marketing ploy. What wonderful reviews!
5|3962|This has to be the only Disney cartoon where the heroine isn't a bimbo or close to one. It has a good plot, suspense, and music.
5|8837|Funny as all hell. Slater is so memorable!
5|14851|This movie is both inspirational and proves to be another one of Denzel Washington's great performances. Based on the true story of an African-American who becomes a football coach and evokes emotion and to see through colour in his overrun white football team. It is filmed beautifully and along with the highly emotional scenes, it also has a few funny moments (e.g. learning the white and black dislikes and likes in pairs). The DVD also has features explaining the meanings of certain scenes and an orray of deleted scenes. This is a truely beautifully told true story and teaches us to look beyond colour into the brave and wise words of Herman Boone.
1|24295|The first movie I give a - 5 The second movie I give a - 3 If you want to see a movie with a good plot go see Kill Bill. See I understood everything the movie was saying but it was so stupit 
5|3792|It was great!I really had doubts going in to watch this movie because of the fact that Paul Walker was the only main character from the first movie returning.But i must admit,he actually managed to carry the film (with alot of help from co-star Tyrese) beyond the original blockbuster.I never thought they could make a good sequel without Vin Diesel,but i was wrong.Truth is,Vin should have starred in this movie than that lame XXX movie which was just a big letdown.I also thought Director,John Singleton,did a great job......HOWEVER,if theres only one thing that i thought let this film down was the fact that there was only TWO real street race scenes in this movie,otherwise its flawless
5|379|A terrific movie for Ridley Scott. Perhaps one of the greatest and most terrible periods of human history is depicted here. You can feel yourself marching with the legions, armor shining in the sun. For a half a millenia they ruled the greater part of Earth. The Republic that became an empire, the General that became a slave, the slave that saved the Republic. A classic story pulled from the greatest civilization of all time, a must see for everyone.
5|20504|Michael Jordan is the greatest basketball player of all time. Seeing him on the huge screen working his magic is incredible. In my personal opinion he is the best in this sport and no one else can even come close to him.
5|1185|My favorite Bond film. it just had so many bests - best car, best henchman, best name (Miss Galore), best Bond.
5|6832| I am a magician, but there are some who call me.....Tim? Whenever I play D+D, I'm always Tim the Magician.
5|22475|The best STAR TREK movie EVER!! This one has it all, and noone exept Ricardo Montobahn (I think I spelled that right) could have played the role of Khan. He was GREAT! KHAAAANN!!!!
1|5672|Other then Titanic this is the most overated movie of all time. Talk about stating the obvious, Tomorrow is another day. Give me a break, the dialogue is terrible and the story is week. If the book was published today it would be one of those trashy novels that women read.
5|24004|Movie making at its best,showing that in the not so distant future we can make a mecca or robot truly love its owner,and showing the distants it will go to feel loved itself. Remarkable acting that should win oscars for both Haley joel Osment and Jude law. If you want to see a movie that really gets you close to the characters and doesnt disappoint, then see this movie.
1|1414|More action in a Tom & Jerry cartoon....slow, slow, slow, to boring..
5|5485|This movie is one of my very favorites. I don't think I will ever get tired of watching it. Great acting by all the cast and so very sad.
5|18925|The plot twists and turns to keep your attention. All of the graphics were very fiting and realistic. The movie itself was frighteningly real. The end left you feeling like, damn, that could really happen. 
5|21168|The music is great in the musical. Compared to the live show, the story at the end is flipped a bit, but it is beautfully done in the film. It deals with war, which is very relevant to us right now. Break out that pipe, wipe off the dust and watch Hair.
5|18931|This was such an awesome movie. Patricia Arquette did awesome in this movie. I loved it when she would speak the old gospel language. It was just overall a great movie.
5|13864| Who's An Animal Larry? This Is A Brilliant Film. You Appreciate It A Little More Every Time You Watch It. Bobby Marty Rule !!!! 
5|6198|One of them most underrated movies. Audrey Hepburn's best.
1|16233|This movie was a waste of $8.25 2 hours.
1|10124|Pathetic. Goes to show how shallow the world is nowadays.
1|22828|Just to tell you how much I hate Harry Potter/the movie/ the books, i wish there was something less than 1 star!!! i wish i could give it like a 1/18 of a star. I hate him! People are getting too excited about this guy that does magic!!
5|6199|Very very gripping movie, but was so depressing. I still watch it, something draws you into it.
5|13865|One of the top sports-related movies ever made. DeNiro's performance is phenomenal. This movie paved the way for a host of copycats, none of which equalled the original. This movie is dark, intense and powerful, so if you're in the mood for a light-hearted comedy, this is not the right movie to rent.
5|22460|Several Trek movies have been bad, but not this one. I'd watch this if it had nothing to do with the series at all. Ricardo Mantalban drives this movie.
1|3216|The only indication you get of the two main characters having an affair is one lousy kiss. They hardly even talk about being involved or anything. It's very dissapointing.
5|18930|This movie was hella scary. I think it's because I'm very religious and I get scared easily. It's funny because I get scared in a lot of movies, but this (or movies like this) scares me the most.
5|21169|Give me that beautiful hair! Long beautiful Hair, Beautiful Hair, Hair, Hair, Hair, Grow it, Show it, Long as I can grow it, my hair, Down to here, Down to there, Down to here. - Theme song
5|4956|I loved Peter Pan! I saw it 2 or three times
5|5490|This is one of the all time greats John Ford need I say more? Not only are the actors in this movie intence, but you can actually feel there pain. To say this movie is a masterpeice would be an understatement. Depression era Oklohoma, the Joads' in the middle of the Dust Bowl, little food even less money get evicted from there land and move west to California in search of a better life.they have nothing exept willpower to keep them going.And they prove that willpower is enough.The Joads' are fighters, survivers and dreamers. Sort of the way we Americians think of ourselves today, all the bad that happens we manage to find the good.Times change, for bad or good. We must seek the good in the bad. And this is what this movie is about..
5|20511|This was an incredible film. I-Max in general produces many of the best film releases. This is a perfect movie for any Jordan fanatic as well as any sports fans. The camera angles provide a great format to view Michael Jordans unimitatable moves.
5|19390|This movie was pure genious!!!!! Go see it and you will know what i am talking about. I am out
5|22306|Very good movie. Sam Niell and Jeff Goldbloom are the perfect people for their roles, even though the book is better.
5|6827|If you love oddly hilarious movies you have to see this one! I laughed all the way through this movie and it is funny that the other day I saw a t-shirt with one of my favorite scenes that I had to get with the Black Knight with his legs cut off and him saying Come back here I'll bite your legs off! 
5|1190|best bond movie
5|1184|Definitely one of the 3 best Bond movies and probably the most iconic viz the golden girl and Bond on the laser table. Goldfinger himself is also probably the best of the super villains
1|17886|this film is just disturbimg you need scary exciting entertaining and have a good time to make a horror film this is just disturbing.
1|19673|This one is like an MTV music video, and it is not scary at all.
1|15049|What a very bad joke of a movie....pathetic.
5|20505|Michael Jordan's high flying moves were captivated very well in this IMAX film. They used a 70mm camera and the air he glides on is beautiful.
5|19384|Loved it every way imaginable: acting, photography, set, costumes, score, plot. It's all there, and makes for a compelling Nosferatu trilogy with the 1921/22 and 1979 versions of the classic vampire film.
1|8431|Somebody put this movie out of it's misery. Just a thought.
5|5484|This is a great movie. It shows the hardship that Oklahomans went thru during the depression and the Dust Bowl.
5|22474|This is simply one of the best Star Trek movies ever. Kirk and crew fight an old foe from the past who takes Chekov and his captain hostage and steal a Federation starship on a quest to steal a device that can transform planets, and, of course, revenge against James T. Kirk. The battle sequences are tense and action-packed. The emotional scenes pack a punch and the spacedock scenes are beautiful, as usual. And, the ending is shocking, to say the least. Highly recommended for all!
1|17138|That was the absolute worst movie I have ever seen in my life. There was no plot whatsoever and the story line that was very shallow was pathetic. I hated this movie!
5|9296|9 to 5 is definatly one of the funniest movies ever made, and may be called classic one day. It never stops delivering laughs and it's fast-paced and exciting. Judy, Violet, And Dorlee are 3 secretaries to a sexiest, egotistical, lying, hypocritical bigot boss, Mr. Hart. 9 to 5 was the perfect movie, and Colin Higgins, the director recieves full credit.
5|13681|It may be a movie with a mostly African-American cast, but the women in this story exist in all races and face the same choices. Whoopi Goldberg shows pain and strength. As she grows, so does the viewer. Oprah Winfrey seems strong, but shows defeat very well. The strength and importance of sisterhood is a message women need to learn and remember, but men need to see this too. You'll enjoy the film, but the book by Alice Walker is even better.
5|13859|Palpable pathos. Scorcese does a great job of setting up LaMotta! Subsequent fall in the opening night club scene. Cinematography is gorgeous.
5|8188|Its so funny! I loved it when it was back in the past.. hilarious
1|17676|Awful. A script so full of cliches it could have been written by a grade seven student. It might have been better if it had been.
1|10119|stupid
5|8836|great soundtrack! great lines! great cast!...HELLO CAN WE SAY MATT IN THE PEACH PANTS!!!!!!
1|16568|I do not know what led me to believe this would be a comedy but I was truly disappointed when I quickly found that it wasn t. I was further disappointed that the entire story was depressing, pointless and had an ugly edginess to it. Drew Barrymore did not convince me that she was this woman at the age of 15, 36 or anything in between. She further failed to convince me that her character was deserving of my sympathy or respect. Half the time I wanted to slap some sense into her and the other half I simply lost interest in her self-involved mindset. She set herself up, she fell and then she proceeded to whine and blame everyone around her. I kept wanting to say if you re as smart as you think you are and if college and career are so important to you then get off your butt, get a part-time job, a student loan and go for it you know, join the rest of the real world. Were we really supposed to feel sorry for this self-interested idiot who ignores her child and proceeds to dry pot in the oven of her government subsidized shack for some quick cash? Apparently no more than we were meant to enjoy this dreadful tale of woe.
5|3963|The best Disney movie!! I love it so much.
5|350|Great acting, great story, great affects, all round great movie. And the gore, well, that just makes it seem real, I mean, If you're head was cut off, you'd expect a little blood, wouldn't you? 
5|3977|Marry Poppins is one of the best family movies of all time. The songs are just outragious especially A spoon full of sugar makes the medicine go down .
5|344|Great inspiring movie. Could have done with less battle Scenes in the begining ,but thats a women thing.. Russell Crowe was magnificent with a fire and fury that leaped from the screen. 
5|17395|Great movie with no real drawbacks. Even the subtitles weren't a problem. I was surprised by this movie in that it was good.
5|20539|The special effects were really good. We got pretty dizzy.
5|21627|i can't honestly say that i'm really much of a tolkien fan, but i have read the books. and i see the value in them.... and yeah, they were good. but i can't honestly say that i was waiting with baited breath for the movie to come out. wasn't there on opening night.....i kinda think that when i went to see it, there were maybe 3 people in the theater that had actually read the book....i wanted so much to dislike this movie. i wanted to pick apart the details. i wanted to find and be really angry over every discrepancy between the book and the movie. but i couldn't do that. i'm sitting in the theater watching it, and i couldn't help but think it was incredibly well done. i will grant that the movie didn't follow the book 100%, but i think that the more important thing (and the more amazing thing) is that it did follow the spirit of the book. i think that any idiot can write or direct or act in a movie that just goes straight down what's in the book.....but there was more to it with this movie. it was brilliantly directed and i thought that the actors did an incredible job. i am extremely glad that it was directed as such, because you really can't let the fans decide what the movie will be--you can never make everyone happy. so i think five stars, and i can't wait to see the other two movies.
5|14844|Denzel Wasington was excellent in this as always. Great story about race in the south. Especially through the eyes of youth. Entertaining, and was nice in that it didnt make the football scenes appear unrealistic like many sports movies.
1|17662|The Ring was a terrible, horrible movie that was too long. It didnt explain anything, and just may have been the worst movie of all time. The worst of all time, that is, until the Japanese version Ringu came. Downright awful.
5|15582|Everytime you watch it you see something different and new.
5|23030|When I went to see Spiderman it had only been released a couple of days. It was very crowded and it seemed to me that the theater was filled with two very different groups of people. Half the crowd had never read a Spiderman comic book, and knew absolutely nothing about the characters. The other half knew way too much about Spidey to be healthy. Before the movie started I said to my wife that one half of the audience or the other would have to be disappointed. If it were deep enough to impress the experts it would be way over the heads of the novices. I could not have been more wrong. The whole audience was entertained and everyone enjoyed it. The movie is about 90% true to the comic book. I remember seeing this movie advertised in theaters before the September attacks. In those early promos they showed an amazing scene where Spiderman spun a web between the Twin Towers and caught a helicopter. After the attacks, the movie's release was held up and all scenes of the Towers were removed. Some day, in the future, when the wounds heal, I would like to see the original version and compare it to what was released.
5|8822|Five stars all the way! Wayne and Garth offer a great look into the mind of the hard rocking youth of 80's America. Garth was my hero when I was younger. This movie is a great blend of comedy and even a little drama. Well, maybe not. Whoever thinks that kids from SubUrbia are boring. You're wrong! This movie is EXCELLENT! Sha.
5|13695|Normally a fan of action movies, I was skeptical about watching Dead Poets Society. After I did, however, I found it to be an amazing movie with a great plot and many lessons to be learned. It hits close to home with alot of people on points of opression, peer pressure, and just plain being yourself. Robin Williams did a stellar job of portraying the very enthusiastic and very individual Mr. Keating, who's teachings lead a group of restless and discontented teens to reinstate the Dead Poets Society, where they read literature from the past few centuries. The lessons taught in this film are based upon the Transcendentalist views of famous writers such as Henry David Thoreau and Ralph Waldo Emerson. It urges viewers to be free from the constraints of society and from the opression of worrying what others think. This movie is perhaps the best-written and acted movie I have ever seen. If you have not yet seen this movie, I strongly urge you to do so.
1|19129|Way too gory for a comic book hero type movie! In general, the movie sucks.
5|9282|Love it! Excellent comedy.
5|22448|The original Terminator led the way for cyber war movies. NOT one of those cyber movies was able to compare to T2!Although it was a sequel there was no depletion of originality.
5|1806|Terrific movie......I would like to have Michael Douglas for a one night stand!!!!
5|11082|I don't know why, but I loved this movie. I don't think I have ever laughed so hard. I loved the part when he is running after the train and his nose is wheezing. Most people didn't like it, but I think it was good.
5|21141|princes purple rain was the last album that i loved after that they were ok but the movie saw it in the theatre saw the purple rain tour in 85
5|422|A wonderful epic. Few recent Hollywood films have been able to produce a comprehensive epic that the audience can tolerate. Russell Crow was a great choice.
5|4995|Great movie! It should have been called DOGS cats. Dogs are so much better, IMHO. Sean Hayes was great as Mr Tinkles.
1|12097|This movie brought back so many bad memories its not even funny. This one's not worth the $6.50 Yankee fans.
5|5453|I think that Bernard Herrman deserves a ton of credit for providing the soundtrack to many a Hitchcock classic. I anyone has heard the frenzied screeching in Psycho, or the spacey sounds of The Day the Earth Stood Still, that was his doing. Favourite quote for Northwest: That plane's dustin' crops where there ain't no crops! Little known fact: Hitchcock originally planned on calling the film The Man On Lincoln's Nose, but the national park people who handled Mt. Rushmore's publicity thought that the title was offensive to the treasured monument. 
5|10377|Gossip....gossip...we want gossip....
5|19435|What can i say, i grew up on this movie. even though the movie makes no sense and everyones actions' motive is questionable, it keeps you watching again and again. maybe its the hope that you will one day figure it out. who is the tall man? where does he come from? is every town in the rest of the world a ghost town? where are all those midget-monk things at? in the desert or hell or what?there are too many questions about this movies to lists and thinking about it makes my head hurt. it is the movie that brought us the tall man and the hemicuda.argumentavly the strangest movie ever made, but a definate classic. highly recomended.
1|24525|I only watched the first half hour- was forced to turn it off for being so bad. It has too many holes, the action is stupid, its unrealistic, and the camera motion is bad. Too often the camera is just a black picture where you can't even see anything. Stay away.
1|10680|Yet another stupid Adam Sandler movie with lowbrow humor , profanity and no laughs whatsoever. Adam Sandler, you are under arrest for making a bad movie. Henry Winkler, you can go, we understand.
5|8177|Ben stillers funniest movie!!! Camron Diaz was funny as anything
5|7244|Probably one of my all-time favorites. What amazing chemistry that the late John Candy and Steve Martin exhibited in this film! I was laughing my tail off every five minutes- there was never a dull moment. The two scenes that stick most in my mind is Martin's rude comments to the lasy in the car rental center, only to recieve an equally rude You're f@*%! . I'm not too big a fan of the f word, but I thought that the way that Martin used it was hilarious. And who can ever forget the best of them all: THOSE AREN'T PILLOWS! . If you have not seen this, you don't know what your missing!
5|9269|Another guy I have a soft spot for is John Candy. He always makes me laugh.
5|1635|Really enjoyable and quite different from the usual Hollywood fare, and with a gorgeous score by Tan Dun (Yo-Yo Ma on the cello). While you can enjoy it for the cinematography alone, the story is engaging and poignant. I wasn't expecting to like it as much as I did. UPDATE: I think it is interesting that people complain about the stunts being unrealistic--when they are fans of Hollywood films that feature heroes emerging unscathed, with nary a hair out of place from gigantic explosions, twenty-car crashes, machine-gunnings, plasma-rifle-riddlings, nuclear explosions, asteroid strikes, gamma-ray irradiations, and other culturally acceptable stunts.
5|13118|The movie was very well produced and showed us a piece of history that is very troublesome and should never be repeated. It showed how the Nazis and SS soldiers exterminated not only Jewish people but others that didn't fit in with their perfect race. It was a very emotional movie. Although this was based on an event that was evil, it showed people the destruction of the Holocaust in full force.
1|20025|With all the hoopla about this film, I determined to watch it. I'd heard that some viewers in the theater were so frightened that they would vomit, etc. Well now I see why they were vomiting, but it surely wasn't from fright. The vomiting had to come from one of two sources: (1) bad popcorn or candy, etc., or (2) the awful stench emanating from this terrible flick!
5|7522|I liked this movie a great deal. I used to watch it all the time. However, it is a shame that Belushi is dead and that Akroyd is old and fat. By the way Danny, I loved your work in My Stepmom is an Alien .
5|16060|Very effective story of young African-American couples accomplishing there educational goals. Upbeat and high energy.
1|24243|I hated the fantastic four movie it had mostly lame characters. For example the Invisible Woman was such and bitch I mean she dumped a awesome guy just because she couldn't get her way. The Thing was so lame I mean you look like a rock get over it! And Oh pleez the Human Torch was an @$$hole with No personality , he was a total bastard. And on the comercials they made him out to be the coolest character ever but he SUCKED!!! The only character that I liked honestly was Mr. Fantastic he was the only likeable character and they didn't even want to put as much focus on him as the Thing or the Torch.
5|21814|This was truely better by far than the first film (FOTR), and I ve (only) seen it three time (till now). This film shows every character just as much as an other. Gollum was made brilliant, and sometimes one can t even tell to a 100% that he is animated, for instance as Gollum tried to struggle Sam as he first tried to steal the Ring from Frodo. It really, rellay is worth watchin (at least two times, incase you didn t really get the hang of it the first time). The best film ever.!.
5|5335|'To Kill a Mockingbird' is definitely one of the greatest books. On par is the movie version, and who can deny 'Mockingbird's' place as one of the greatest movies of all-time? The movie conveys a deep message: that the ugliness of racial prejudice hurts not only the victim, but an entire society. And for all viewers, there are poignant lessons to point out about the value of true friendship, understanding, and selfless sacrifice to help our fellow man- regardless and irrespective of the color of one's skin. This movie is simply a masterpiece, whose timelessness will continue to inspire others for years to come. And it will forever touch those who watch it.
5|10411|I woke up at 3:00 in the morning on a worknight and decided to watch TV till I fell back asleep.I came across this movie,and my goal went from trying to fall asleep to not waking the rest of the household with my laughter
5|16074|beautiful movie shows the real world
5|19347|Child's Play is one of the scariest movies I've ever watched. I really like it because it was unique.
1|14394|i fell asleep.
5|5321|You can't view this movie without being aghast at how much of our vocabulary comes from it. The whole thing has permeated popular culture like no other movie... A permanent classic.
5|3988|I think this is the best childrens movie out there. It has many hidden morals.
5|18059|Most horror movies are way too... unbelievable (literally). This movie was great because it could actually happen in real life unlike most thriller flicks. Kathy Bates couldn't have done a better job at being a pyscho bitch.
5|6628|Ernest Borgnine is incredible as the sensitive title character. This movie has a lot to say and does it so well through a few characters.
5|8605|5 stars! Funny, creative, good acting!
5|12574|Great Movie!!!!! I loved all the characters and the suspense!!! Everybody should watch it, the style and directing was new and different and that is why i loved it.
5|5447|A literally monumental cinematic landmark from Alfred Hitchcock (the most accessible, the most kinetic, and rapidly overtaking his other efforts as the most studied). How everything came together to make this romance/thriller feel simultaneously lightweight and terse is a mystery within itself. Fabulous trademark casting helped, with the balanced Cary Grant, the icy-calm calculating of Eva-Marie Saint, and the dapper menace of James Mason. Another element I've always suspected was the time it was filmed (late 1950s; you could see definite changes throughout society becoming manifest; more-relaxed forms of architecture, automotive streamlining, casual attitudes towards fashion, etc.); Hitchcock's lens captured much of it. Well-paced most of the way, but (for me) it fell askance at Rushmore (a poorly-lit, uneven sequence that couldn't keep the audience informed as to character positioning). Even with the minuscule flaws, I'll put this up against ANY actioner that Gollywood can shove on a screen today. If this isn't in your collection in some form, you're a celluloid Philistine who's run out of excuses.
5|19421|This is truly the only horror movie to give me nightmares. The most well written, well thought out movie in ages. John Carpenter at his Best. The whole concept of this movie is in itself frightening. To imagine it happening to you would blow most anyone's mind. Casting was excellent and well played. Nothing will ever top this in my book. So few people have seen it, which is really a shame. My brother (musicprof) and I tell everyone we know that they should watch it. Someone should hold a filmfest at Halloween in every town in the country and play this one as the opener. Noone would want to leave there seat for popcorn.
5|15233|One of Pacino's all time classic permormances. A simple film set largley on location, ie the bank, the film which could have ended up turgid and monotonous due to its long periods of inactivity and its very simplicity ends up vibrant and gripping due soley to an all time great performance by pacino. The phone call sceans act as a kinda microcosm of the film. The camera zooms in on Pacino, escaping the madness of the crowd outside and the media hoopla as Sonny talks to his two wives . Again, had we been watching a lesser actor the sceane would have dragged and been extruciatingly dull. As it turns out Pacino makes the sceans among the greatest moments in cinama history, IMO. Acting masterclass. 
1|4586|The fact that Airplane's Robert Hayes attracted me to rent this movie. I in fact learned a good lesson, that movies that show singing nuns are in fact way better then watching a cat drown.
5|7278| You take drugs Danny? Everyday. Good. 
5|6166|What the hell is this movie doing way down here?!!! Gable and Colbert are seemlessly brilliant. Colbert has a great body. And Gable was so revered at the time that when he took off his shirt revealing that he wore no undershirt, sales of undershirts plummetted faster than the stock market crash. Fast-paced, witty dialogue, and grownup, sophisticated acting. A great study in what can be acheived when all of the stars are aligned just right. Won eight Academy awards in 1934 and is still every bit a classic.
5|9255|A fantastic movie. I loughed so much. Try it out and you'll lough too.
5|23781|Independence Day is the end-all of Sci-Fi movies. The representation of the aliens disputes on the old big-eyed, grey-skinned theory. The plot is somewhat predictable but twists occur when they are least expected. All in all, Independence Day is a must-see for the true Sci-Fi fan.
1|5698|One of the greatest and one of the worst of the 'chick' flicks. Why women romanticize these 'period' pieces (pun intended) is beyond me - you had NO RIGHTS! If you saw a legit representation of the time period, it wouldn't be pretty and it wouldn't look like this phony Hollywood schlock. If you honestly find plantations, slaves, cotton, and the Civil War to be a fantastic backdrop to romance, then you need to ratchet your sense of drama down a couple notches. Not to say the leads weren't great actors (they are to make this turkey such a favorite), just that that Selznick brand of moviemaking left me wondering what the big deal was.
5|2300|The Bourne Supremacy was my favorite movie of 2004. The Bourne Identity was a great movie, and there was a lot of hype for the Bourne Supremacy, and I think the sequel lived up to and probably even surpassed the first. I'm already looking forward to the Bourne Ultimatum which is scheduled to be made in the next few years.
5|18717|One of my favorites. Although I think Keanu sux in just about everything he does and I also think the same about Wynona Ryder, the movie had such a great script and Gary Oldman is an incredible actor, that it was worth seeing at the theatre. Copola did an excellent job of direction (look what he had to struggle w/ though).
5|17424|This has to easily be THE BEST cartoon I have EVER seen and so far the best feature I've seen this year. Creative, engaging, unpredictable, wierd, incredible pace, funny, the list just goes on. I loved the stories moral tale of greed and love conquering all, it was told in a more respectable and dignified way than an in-your-face you must heed mawkish way. The beauty of this feature is that it's target audience was directed more at adults than children. You walk away from this movie feeling good and you completely understand why its called Spirited Away.
5|20288|This was a dark and haunting movie. Ben Kingsley was superb!
1|23276|Unnecessary use of special effects on Jodie Foster's teeth during her 'endeavor', she doesn't need to look any scarier than she already is.
1|24519|I want 90 minutes of my life back. . .
5|21196|The songs are terrific- Ray Walston as the devil is acting to remember Good-Bye Old Girl is the Best of the songs 
5|11733|A bunch of stupid, hot, high school cheerleaders running around in their panties and bras?! You cant lose!
5|4017|Excellent and well done. A single dad so concerned for his child that he will do anything for him. Single parents, take a lesson.
5|21828|The special effects were amazing! I liked the first one better, but this one still deserves a five!
5|17342|This movie was something of a surprise to me.most french films that i had seen until now were boring as hell!! but this one is the opposite. Amelie is a breath of fresh air that makes you feel amazinlgy good - i left the theather in such a good mood has it had not happened in a long time. wonderful film,very well directed, with an amazing cast - audrey tatou is fabulous, and a soundtrack that cannot be described - you have to listen to the cd!! 
5|13124|This film made me relize how aweful it was to be a Jew in a camp. I dont understand why the guy was hung he was doing his job if that is the way its going to be hang the guy who put Japanese in camps cause they were a fraid of them betraying them or hang the guy who dropped the automic bomb on Japan.
1|20019|Ok, Jason. Fine, do you still want to kill people, because if you were a normal killer, you would have retired already and left us alone, because even thr first one wasn't really that good anyways.
5|15555|This was a great love story. I actually thought it would be boring, but the relationship Jack and Rose had was beautiful. Never a boring scene in the movie, and will keep you wanting to watch it over and over again to feel what the Titanic victims felt.
5|13130|Brilliant masterpiece. A grand contribution parading before us man in his evil and man in his compassion.
5|14887|This film has a lot of heart. It's a great feeling to cheer for Billy Elliot as he fights for his passion in dance and his need to express it. Jamie Bell gives a fantastic performance as Billy: touching, sensitive, defiant. I loved this film and was very moved by the end. And the music in the film, with lots of tracks by T-Rex, is also superb. A+!
5|8639|I love this movie. I've seen it a million times and I'm still not sick of it. It's original and really funny. If you like a laugh then definitely see this one.
5|16048|This was a great movie about love. Basketball was just something that the characters did to pass time. I really enjoyed it and, in fact, went to the movies to see it several times.
5|11727|Connie and Carla was great! A lot of new movies, trends, music, etc are all becoming some what the same. This new movie sensation was something that was actually NEW! You must go out and see something that you'd be missing! Aren't you bored of almost every movie having the same actors, plot, climax, etc?
5|387|Good movie though historically inacurate. While Commodus was Marcus Aerulius' son, he did not die in the arena, he was strangled by political opponents. Regardless, Gladiator had a strong storyline, a good villan, and great action sequences. This is good movie making.
5|17356|This is, for me, the movie which defines Pedro Almodovar's style. I don't think Atame and Tacones reach this level of frenetic comedy. Enjoy the ride, and don't eat the gazpacho!
5|2314|One of the greatest crime movies of all time, overall one of the greatest movies, The French Connection is essential to today's films. The landmark chase-scene, Gene Hackman's great performace, this film is certainly one of the better Best Picture winners at the Oscars. If you haven't seen it, you're missing out. Go down to your local video store and get it. Summary: SHEER GENIUS. A MUST-SEE. 
5|17430|The newest Miyazaki Hayao's animation. It's a fantasy story and its good for kids.
5|4765|My favorite fairy tale!
5|21182|my favorite Elvis movie
5|15227|Another movie in my top 10. This is by far Drew Barrymore's best movie. She deserved an Oscar for this role. From the beginning of this movie to the end is just wonderful. Even though the movie was made on the storyline of Cinderella, it still had its own feel, and it was great. I would recommend this movie to the whole family !
5|6172|This film is hilarious. The dialoge is wonderfully snapy, and it is delivered perfectly by Clark Gable and Claudette Colbert. In spite of some sketchy editing, It Happened One Night is one of the funniest--and best--movies ever made.
5|9241|The Wedding Singer is an extremly well made movie, and it deserves so much credit for what went into it. It has the best lines, and Adam Sandler has an excellent role as Robbie Hart. It takes place in 1985, in a small suburban town and Robbie falls in love with Julie, who is getting married to a rat, who is cheating on her, but he's rich and Robbie's a poor wedding singer, but Julie likes Robbie better but is too nervous to tell him.
5|23795|Excellent plotting, terrific ideas and unforgettable.
5|1392|This movie kicked ass! I have seen it like 50 times. It's sooo cheesy and predictable but it's totally cool and it's just really good and exciting, and Arnold is kinda' sexy and his wifey kicks ass. Good movie, everybody should see it.
5|22104|very cool. the special effects are great.
5|2843|this is one of my favorite movies. ive seen it many times over the years since it came out over 20 years ago. its a surreal look at the new york gang life. the warriors and every other gang in new york were invited to send 9 delegates from their gang to represent them at a meeting called by cyrus the head of the biggest gang in new york. he wanted to try to unite everyone so they could take over the whole city. but what happens is a scumbag lowlife shoots cyrus and all hell breaks loose and cops begin showing up and the lowlife to keep the blame from him starts yelling and pointing to the leader of the warriors who had been seperated from his friends that he was the one who shot cyrus and he then is surrounded and though not shown you know he has been beat to death. the remaining warriors now have to make it back to coney island in the middle of the night and the truce that was on when they went to the meeting is now off and though they dont know it yet they have every gang in new york looking for them including the ones that killed cyrus. the gangs they meet up with are strange but they are meant to be exxagerations. my favorite scene is when they are on the train back to coney island and those couples get on who look like they just came from the prom and they look at the warriors with fear and misunderstanding. they get off the train so quickly at the next stop one of the girls drops a flower and swan picks it up and gives it to the girl that managed to tag along with them on their journey. to me it says you dont know me just by looking me and you have no place to judge me if you haven't walked a mile in my shoes. most people couldn't handle walking a block in my shoes and i would never wish on anyone that curse. nobody is better than anyone else we just have different lives and made better choices.
1|24082|It works. It works because DareDevil, much like Ben Afflick, is the worst in his trade. Crappy story + crappy actor = crappy film 
1|1603|Amovie that makes you feel like jumping off a bridge. Depressing as hell.
5|5692|The Greatest Movie of ALL TIME! Vivien Leigh is great as Scarlett O'Hara and she deserved every award for it. Mammy was very funny and provided a good dramatic foil for Scarlett. There is certainly great chemistry between Scarlett Rhett (Clark Gable) and will probably be remembered for all time and provide an example of what actors should do.
1|12256|The worst movie of all time. It's so bad that it's not even funny. What idiot decided to spend money to make this piece of crap?
5|608|My all time favorite movie. Kevin Spacey is amazing! Great story, plot, everything! All the acting is superb! The best movie ever!
1|8141|the only thing i lied was jim
1|14627|This movie just about has everything I do not like in a movie. The characters are anything but upbeat and optimistic. The world that the movie set in has no creative flair--not even a stylized chair can be seen. Dramatic movies should be good vs. evil, with the lines clearly drawn, but this one certaintly isn't. There's gory violence, gobs of coarse language, and sexual material as well. The topic of the movie is also highly disturbing and anything but friendly. Finally, the ending is anything but happy, with a blissful ignorance of justice or the law.
5|7085|One of the best comedies ever made. I have seen it about 40 times and I still laugh at it. Gene Wilder's Dr. Frankenstein is hilarious as a straight man in a world of comics. Marty Feldman shines as Eye-gor (Hump? What hump?). Peter Boyle expresses so much while barely having any lines. But Gene Hackman's blind cleric steals it all, as does Madeleine Kahn's virginal fiance. A must see for anyone, you'll laugh yourself silly.
5|22662|I loved this movie. I used to watch X-Men every saturday morning! When I heard they were making a movie I got so excited. It was better than I thought!
5|7091|This may be my favorite Mel Brooks movie. I love the whole classic horror movie feel that we get from it being filmed in black and white. I also enjoy seeing Marty Feldman in one of his best performances. Sight gags abound, and in the sceen where the doctor brings the monster to life they used many of the electrical props from the original Frankenstein movie. This movie features a great cast and is worth buying for your home collection.
1|21688|this movie was & is intended for small children, 4 to 6 years old. Any older fans r looking for escapism, and if this does it 4 u, u may wanna check out Mary Poppins !
1|16024|This is probably the only movie with Jodie Foster in it that I hate. The whole thing was just boring, boring, boring ! I don't even think a child would care for it.
5|21419|Ive been a fan all my life and loved the characters of star wars. star wars has toched my life and allways will. It brings me joy to go to wal'marts or other cool stores and see thousands up on thousands of star wars toys and every thing else you can think of. god bless star wars and gorage lucas for bring so much happiness....
5|18298|My favorite film in the series, it went abit downhill afterwards.
5|20707|This is the greatest music film ever made!! My favorite since I was a kid.
5|1386|I liked the action. I liked how it had lots of mission and the what if's when your family gets mixed up with your spy work. And I like the ending.
5|9902|I LOVE SCARY MOVIE IT WAS THE BEST MOVIE EVER I THINK IT SHOULD GET A 10! BUT I THINK IT WAS I LITTLE BAD WITH THE SEXUAL CONTENT,VIOLENCE,DRUG USE LANGUAGE.BUT IT STILL ROCKS.
1|3766|Almost a precursor for "The Ghost Whisperer", not as bad as the commercials led me to believe. Halle Berry plays a clinical psychologist who is wrongly imprisoned for a murder she didn't commit, and has to escape to clear her good(and sexy) name.
5|21431|A classic film. A must see.
5|152|This was an excellent movie. I can't even wait to see Hannibal! It was weird how a man could actually eat people. Jodie Foster was a great actress. I love how this movie gave me the chills, thinking of what could possibly happen next!
1|19459|HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA!!!.... ha... it was funny. 
5|7907|I liked this movie. It had a decent plot for a funny movie, which is often a rare thing in a good comedy.
5|22138|This movie was excellent in all aspects of film making, from the martial arts choreography, to stunning visual effects, to screen play transitions. The Matrix is original, breathtaking and a masterpiece. The meaning behind it all shows us that our world is ruled by the beast, in which humans are enslaved to empower and breathe life into the beast. This movie shows that we all can break free from our oppression and free others at our own will.
5|12945|The all time best movie. Hard to believe because there is very little action, sex or violence. Exceptional cast of characters. Extremely well written. I have watched it nearly 50 times and still get excited at the end.
1|11763|I have not seen a film this terrible since I Still Know What You Did Last Summer. This film is horrid. Absolutly terrible. The spoofing makes no sense and it way too fixated on placing sh*t on people. Whether it is talking about pooping on someone for sexual plaeasur or actually exploding gallons of fresh sh*t all over people. Where does all the sh*t come from? This was never in The Breakfast Club or She's All That. I felt like I had flushed my hard earned bucks down the toilet and then had it explode all over me with sh*t. The only true moment of comedy comes with...jesus....there are no funny moments. I had to force my laughter each time something was supposed to be comical. What a waste of a good genre to spoof.
5|13483|This is an excellent movie about friendship. It's what you'd expect from Stephen King. The soundtrack is simply perfect. Probably the greatest soundtrack any movie could ever have.
1|15511|By the middle of the movie, I was ready to root for the iceberg. Long on dialouge and short on plot, the movie passes like molasses in Antartica. The acting is atrocious, the plot predictable (even without the sinking!). It just goes to prove that popularity does not always mean quality.
5|19804|exploding....heads....are....funny
5|5862|Citzen Kane is an unsurpassed masterpiece that remains forever ahead of its time. The stunning performance of Orsen Wells as Charles Foster Kane is a thing of beauty to behold and a joy to recall forever. This movie brought movie-making out of its infancy and remains the benchmark by which all other movies are judged.
5|12789|I saw this movie over the weekend and I thought it was thought provoking but very disturbing at the same time. Im interested in finding out what Americans think about the film & Bush after they see it, because I don't understand why they ever liked him in the first place. The guys a loser, it's shows how he has always been a failure. He wouldn't have won the election, if he didnt cheat his way in. His previous work experience, consists of working for Oil companies (go figure), which he proceded to run into the ground, if it weren't for his daddy (His money, the money the saudi's have been giving his dad for years...um the account shared with the Bin Laden's), he'd be nobody. But this movie isn't just about Bush. There are alot of other topics presented....The fact that nowadays, strangers and/or foreigners, are expendable as human beings. A phrase like Who cares, I dont know them after saying or doing something you would feel bad about doing to someone you knew/or cared about. Too many people couldn't care less about other people & find it hard to trust anyone. Too many people try to find the differences between people before realising that they have plenty of things in common. Or how being greedy for money & oil is more important than the lives of the solider's Bush sends overseas. The Bush families shared bank accounts with the Bin Laden family....How on Sept. 11, they flew 130 members of the Bin Laden family out of the states, while all other planes were grounded, instead of investigating/asking them any questions to see if they were involved.(Any innocent persons would have welcomed the questions, if they knew it would help) or how bout the young boys/girls(early 20 yr olds) that think it's cool that they can play their cd's in the tanks, while killing (most of the time) innocent people. How they were disapointed when they realised that going into the army, wasn't like a video game. I mean, any intelligent person, would find these comments scary...This is the way alot of Americans think. (This is a problem)(Watch Micheal Moore's previous movie & tell me there isn't a problem with guns in America...Anyways) These are human beings, real lives....It's very disturbing to think that they don't see anything wrong when harming someone. Every human has a family, everyone has parents & siblings. Everyone has someone they love, and more people should take a walk in each other's shoes. I don't know any of you, but I sure as hell, wouldn't see you as my enemy. and another topic, Controlled bombing in Iraq...HAH, This movie shows that it's not controlled, you see babies that have been killed by the Americans bombs & rockets, reports of alot of American solider's who not only die, but come back with missing limbs (who hears their stories on tv?) I could go on & on, But for anyone on here who makes a decision on the film, without seeing it, is either young & we'll forgive you for being naive, or you're someone who would probally die for Bush, & with his gratitude, he'd probally give your widow half of what he/she deserves. He's done that to a hell of alot of young solider's he has sent to fight his war, solider's with children....wow, he's a great president. 
1|11777|I did not see this movie and with Dick Dirk's review now read I know I do not desire to, even though in the use of his delicate rhetoric I believe he said he did enjoy it.
5|9080|Good movie
5|7913|The top grossing film of 1984, Ghostbusters (directed by Ivan Reitman) was a nice mix of child and adult comedy. Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Harold Ramis, and Ernie Hudson are paranormal investigators (or ghostbusters) in New York City. The quartet capture ghouls, ghosts and other goblins in portable containers and keep them permanently secured at the office which is held down by their secretary (Annie Potts) until an unbeliever shuts off the power releasing the carnage back on the city. All this is just a prelude to the big showdown with Gozer the demon who has taken over a building and two of its tenants, Murray's love interest played by Sigourney Weaver and the resident pathetic CPA (Rick Moranis). What makes this film work is the chemistry between Murray, Aykroyd and Ramis as they counter balance each other's personalities. Moranis was perfectly cast as well. Moreover, the comedy still holds up today as do the special effects. My only complaint is that the addition of Ernie Hudson felt forced as if the producers decided halfway through the movie to add an African-American actor. The bottom line is that Ghostbusters remains a funny film even after almost 20 years.
5|23232|Another great Harry Potter movie.
5|21425|The best in the series.
5|10820|KICK ASS MOVIE KICK ASS
1|6622|More boring than Rebel without a cause.......
5|146|Can you love a horror movie? If you see this you will. Anthony Hopkins should still be winning awards for this film. I think if I saw him on the street today I would be a little afraid! Each minute of the film builds the suspense and even if you have to cover your eyes at the more graphic parts, the dialogue will carry you through without missing a beat.
1|9511|Total Blasphemous garbage.
5|3546|Were it not for the collapse of the Iron Curtain, this true story would still be just a footnote, a single report lost in the Russian Navy's archives whose existance was officially denied. Now that the story's out, what better way to share it then with a film of this scope. We can all now salute the bravery of the officers and men of K-19, half of them posthumously.
5|7720|The funniest and most quotable movie ever!
5|12004|Almost as funny as the original. Great cast: Dre, Eminem, Snoop, George Wallace, Shaq, Ludakris. A great follow up (25 yrs. later) to one of the great comedies of my time (Car Wash)
5|1351|Heavy on the violence but in a good way. Witty humor throughout the movie. I'd watch it for the soundtrack alone. Go Mr. Pink!
5|14313|Fight Club is the best movie ever created.
5|22879|This movie was well done in my opinion. Had some great action sequences and other satisfying moments. I enjoyed seeing Pyro retalliate against the police. Magneto's escape from his plastic prison was also a memorable moment. It got a little cheesy towards the end. The ending promises a sequel but the bad thing is that you have to wait a couple more years to find the story's conclusion.
5|6358|This movie was amzing. That pretty much covers it.
5|7046|A great classic commedy! I never get sick of it...but it is better un-editted, the tv version isn't as good.
5|5889|One of the most twisted (and brilliant) movies ever.
5|5651|A fantastic movie. I always love Bogey, but even Hepburn is great in this one (she's great, but not one of my faves). Reminds me of Swept Away... a bit (the Italian classic, not the dumb Madonna crap). There's adventure, comedy, etc., but there's an undercurrent of sexual tension in it - note the metaphors, her having an orgasm going down the rapids, and them getting it on by the middle, when they've fallen in love. Every romance adventure movie since, like Romancing the Stone, uses the same plot devices, character development, etc. Despite all that, you really see first rate acting. These 2 shouldn't work together, but they do. I almost wanted to do Hepburn! Made me rethink the idea of missionary work.
5|807|It's one of my favoriot movies of all time!
5|10161|Thosee girls where so hot. The movie was funny also.
5|5645|The all time best Hitchcock movie
1|12281|Hoolywood hyped it as a great movie, maybe thats what doomed it!
1|11788|Stupid. An unsucessful attempt at a parody. I'm just glad I wasn't one of the people that actually paid to see this. But that didn't keep me from wanting the time that I wasted watching it back or the brain cells that I lost while watching it.
5|13468|Another favorite of mine and has been since I was a kid. This is a classic film... Great story full of humor and sadness.
1|20555|Yuck. They suck. And what's with the title copying BSB's Larger Than Life ? Do they EVER do anything original??? 
5|7052|As a result of this movie, I spent one glorious summer before my senior year in high school slacking off in many Ferris-like ways. Unlike my less intelligent friend, I quit my job before I could be fired!
5|8361|I love the movie Big. It's a great story that makes you look at adults in a totally different light. Tom Hanks did a wonderful job of really making you believe that he's a child in an adult's body. The movie has lots of laughs.
5|12776|Of course, like any other documentarian and activist, Moore misses the point from time to time, but for the most part, his three features were on the money. Fahrenheit 9/11 did make too much of the Unocal issue and was slightly off-base when it came to the number of children of Congressional members in military service (Moore said it was 1 when the number is actually around 4, which still means that less than 1% of Congressmen/women have children at risk of being in military harm's way: the interesting point Moore made in this regard is that not a single member of Congress he approached in terms of recruiting their children would give him the time of day. What great leaders we have who are willing to make the same sarifices the common people routinely do!). He did belabor some points that should have been left alone, but he did point out some damning facts that did not paint GWB in flattering colors, and for good reason. It was great that Moore included the now-famous eight minutes of GWB reading My Favorite Goat: here, the so-called Leader of the Free World who's supposed to be so vigilant against terrorism and stalwart in protecting the nation, blankly sitting there like a bump on a log after he was informed that our nation was under attack. Now, that's leadership and decisiveness! Actually, he sat there, blinking like the deer caught in the headlights, immobile, paralyzed, obviously totally unsure of what to do. He looked heavily medicated, as well. Another very interesting point was how members of the House of Saud and other prominent Arabs, through the intermediary Mr. Bath, coughed up millions of dollars to bail out young GWB's failed oil prospecting projects. No wonder GWB refuses to go after the real enemy, the true sponsors of terrorism. Also interesting that the bin Laden and Bush families are bigtime players in the Carlyle Group: obviously oil and money are thicker than blood to these people, that the financial interests of the Bush family are more important than national security and the safety of American citizens. It's not terribly surprising that GWB dropped the ball in terms of getting Osama or eradicating his apparatus and instead went off half-cocked on this lame Iraq distractionary adventure. Anyone who pans this film and accuses it of being fictive and grossly inaccurate is obviously one of those brainwashed dimbulbs blindly allegiant to that moronic draft dodger and fool currently drooling in the Oval Office. Get with it rightwing touchholes: Bush is a total loser.
5|15019|I LOVE this movie. Everything about it is amazing, the acting, the plot, the characters. Angelina Jolie and Winona Ryder are such amazing actresses. This movie is so real, it's just perfect. A thousand times better than One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.
5|7734|Oh this is a true classic! Sellers is in one of his best performences. I especially like Dr. Strangelove himself.
5|1345|i would say this movie sparked, or perhaps solidified, a new genre of films, the ultra violence of suburbia. similar to movies before it, clockwork orange, twin peaks, and blue velvet, r-dogs looks at the weird world of suburbia and the violence needed to compete and rise to the top. r-dogs is by far tarantino's best movie. the others ones falling victim more and more to his ego and poor acting ability. pulp fiction was entertaining and decent, but not ground breaking like r-dogs. this movie lays the foundation for many of the better movies of the 1990s. although quite frankly i am sick of them now. 
5|17168|People have completely disregarded the very essence of what this movie is actually trying to capture. Its looking at the SATIRICAL, indirect, negative, double-standard downfall of the industry to ethnic minorities or even minorities as a whole. People are quick to pidgeon-hole or point the finger at minorities for many negative outcomes, yet still their celebrated in sports and the media and big wig companies jump immediately to promote their products (nike, adidas, reebok, coca cola, business cards etc) to me thats just double-standards. If we look at programmes like Eastenders for instance thats not the East London I know of. East London is booming with Asians, Gays, Blacks you name it. Yet still why are these parts so badly represented, stereotyped or even portrayed or even worse not represented at all?? The black face in this movie was extremely offensive, but thats exactly what Spike Lee wanted the viewer to think about when these guys performed for a TV show. I like it that directors such as Spike Lee, Oliver Stone, Michael Moore and Mel Gibson take risks and give their audiences something to think about. If not the film industry would be a terribly boring place indeed.
5|11519|Just as good as 1 - one of the only sequel besides the Godfather and Alien to have such a strong sequel. Hilarious.
5|16276|its crazy that jesus had to go threw all that for humans.
5|9731|Altman at his best.
5|13326|The cinematography was so realistic, and the action was directed so superbly, that you felt like you were the one who was landing on Omaha Beach. It was packed with action that worked, and the story/plot reached out to the audience. You felt connected to the characters, especially Tom Hanks. The last action scene was too unrealistic.
5|6402|Atmospheric..elegiac..haunting..poetic..stunningly photographed..majestic scenery; comfortably the greatest Western.A personal favourite of Martin Scorsese,among many others,it's a Wayne film which should be enjoyed by non-fans.Here his persona is more complex and ambiguous than usual.The ending,when he's framed in the doorway,torn between wilderness and civilisation (a favourite theme of director John Ford)is justly famous.It also superbly balances the opening.The moment when he picks up the frightened Nathalie Wood (after years of searching)- Let's go home,Debbie - always has me gulping.
5|14449|The most important film ever made of the most important person in the modern history! Mahatma Gandhi is the closest I, as a humanist, come a God! :o)
5|191|one of the best films of it's time Mel Gibson was exellent.
5|18273|Good, great, best!
5|2664|This movie, Gone in 60 seconds...Kicks Ass..! Nicholas Cage did some awesome high speed driving in this flick to the point of leaving me wondering...Did he study under Steve McQueen??? Is that it? Cause that's really saying something when it comes to driving a car as skillfully as that. Now then, if you really want to sit on the tip of your chair in a cold sweat, watching this flick...simply go out and buy or rent a copy of it on DVD ...Do the hometheater and the works. It will blow you out of your seat...promise. 
5|20934|Baz Luhrmann's Moulin Rouge is perhaps the most wonderfully convoluted film since Magnolia , and it may be better. Rouge is pure, unadulterated cinematic adrenaline, full of the emptiness of glamour, and the power thereof... It manages to pack itself so full of sheer brilliance that it virtually explodes. Far from perfect, this is definitely one of cinema's eclectic masterpieces. It moves with the pace of an electric lightshow through a plot of shoestring breadth with all the power that any movie romance can muster. How does it do it? By being something more than I've ever seen before... It's striking, beautiful... It is doubtlessly going to become the inspiration for a thousand imitations, making it the best and worst mainstream event of 2001's cinema. It's a collage of art. And it is, truly... art!
5|16538|I've never seen this movie, but I want to, because I like movies that have the Brat Pack, and I love Rob Lowe. A lot of people have said that it was good.
5|4573|If you want tour child to see a movie with cute little animals in it, see Babe. It is extremly touching and cute, and the pig is one hell of a actor.
5|12986|I define art as something that moves you; something you can not forget. Beyond doubt, this movie is a work of art.
5|9057|Absolutely hilarious. Melted globs of chocolate under the dash; that oughtta really up the resale value. They're covered in a thin candy shell; surprised you didn't know that. hahaha.
5|22845|I found this movie very entertaining. It was the best work that Christopher Columbus has done in a long while, with beautiful, sweeping cinematography(as someone mentioned before, I think), inspired casting, and great special effects. Having never read the books, I'm sure I missed a lot(as one always does when they see a movie adapted from a book or something of that sort.), but I still found the movie very charming. I would recommend it highly to anyone who enjoys films of the cute and mindless persuasion. I wanna be a wizard. (Not a witch..I will transcend the unfair gender stereotypes.)
5|6364|Broderick Crawford's tour de force as an idealistic politician gone corrupt, ruthless and power-mad. Based on the life of Huey Long, one-time governor, senator and unofficial military dictator of Louisiana. Crawford deserved his Oscar. Notable supporting performance by Mercedes McCambridge as Crawford's campaign aide/jilted lover.
1|11978|One word: obscene! I'm not a puritan, but I thought the sex jokes were revolting. Imagine that in Italy it's rated G ....and parents will rent it for their 10-year-old children. The problem is, it isn't even funny at all...
5|8349|A very cute movie with such an awesome message. I really respect Tom Hanks, and this movie makes me respect him even more as an actor. He truly deserves every award he has ever won ! And this was probably one of Penny Marshall's best films as director...she is awesome...
5|12992|One of my few favorites which DOES NOT have a sex scene in it. It is probably the most enchanting movie. Great depiction + portrayal of People Psychology throught acting/directing/cinematography.
5|22851|Better than the first!
5|21380|Definitely the best of the Star Wars series. It is dark, defining and sets up the most important battle in the Star Wars universe.
5|4567|Babe is a funny, touching and enduring film about a pig that becomes a sheep herder. It may be classifyed as a children's movie, but adults will get great enjoyment out of the movie as well. The animals in the movie are utterly charming. James Cromwell is superb as the taciturn owner of the special pig.
1|23060|I vaguely remember seeing this, and I vividly remember the bad taste afterward, as though I had eaten a whole box of Twinkies.
5|5679|Love the storyline and it really is a timeless classic. Watched this movie over the weekend and I loved it just as much as the first time I saw it. The one character I don't care for is Miss Scarlet. She seemed to marry more than Elizabeth Taylor. She also was very self absorbed, seeming to crush anyone who came in her path. Love the ending when Rhett tells her where to stick it.
5|2116|One of the best movies. A thrill that's worth seeing twice in the theater. Very smart and brilliant.
5|2670|This movie is awsome. he steals 50 cars in one night! the beat part was when he was in the 67 shelby mustang gt500 (eleanor). I wish i was in a chase going at 120 mph with nitrous doing all burnouts sliding all around turns then jumping the car. Nicolas Cage was the best in that movie
5|18267|Like an old fashioned horror
5|4201|This and Shrek are the best children's movies since Aladdin. They make the whole family laugh.
5|7708|One of the best. A truly revolutionary comedy. Mike Myers delivers a shagadelic performance. Hilariously funny! It does what a comedy is suppose to do, It makes you LAUGH!
5|13332|A wonderful telling of World War II. One of the few war movies that doesn't glorify war and violence, but shows it as one of our horrible failure in human society. A must see for those who crave a heart felt movie.
5|6416|Here we have David Lean again. This movie goes on too long but it has everything you need--romance, heartbreak, nobility, betrayal, action etc. Pasternak's work is well done. I didn't like Omar Sharif in the title role in the 1960's but he has grown on me over the decades and I am satisfied in his role as the doc. The characters are too English however, but so what, I guess.
5|7697|This is definatly a funny one.....
1|20390|This movie sucked big monkey nuts. I snuck into the movie and I demanded a refund. I fell alseep half way thru only to be awoken by the guy in front of me who started to snore. Man this was the most painful thing I've had to go thru. That says alot because I've been shot in the nuts by a paintball gun.
5|22070|Best of the Trilogy. Great effects. Good and original story. Alrite acting. Great fight scenes.
5|24401|Too funny to talk about. Just watch it.
1|19511|Good performance from Richard Gere cannot even touch upon how horrible this film really is.
5|5080|fat albert was pretty good it is a fun movie to watch.
5|79|I gave it this rating because its the original Indiana Jones and it had some religious super natural aspects.
5|20667|This movie Grease was the greatest musical movie I have ever seen
5|21579|I absolutely LOVE LOTR!!!! I know they could have made the movie a lot more like the book, but no one, not even YOU are perfect! This is the best group of book I have ever read and it leaves Harry Potter in the dust by SO far!! Lord Of The Rings is the best movie/book series ever written and I really wish J.R.R would have kept writing them, I know they'd have been more and more amazing each time he wrote a new book. 
5|2937|Might be Wolfgang's best movie. Clooney and Wahlberg were better than they were in 3 Kings.
5|17975|This is a great movie. It has a good story and is scary as hell.
5|2089|Out of all the action movies that I have seen in the past, this was one of the most thrilling of all. The suspense never faded, even though most of the film took place on a bus. When the actors/actresses paniked, I paniked with them the whole way through. What a way to fall in love with someone...one a trip such as this!
5|1580|An excellent movie. Johnny Depp rocked as Jack Sparrow! 
1|3160|Crappy movie
5|1594|POTC is awesome! I just got the DVD today, and I love it. I've seen it about a million times. I could never get tired of it, and it's not because Orlando Bloom is in it. I like Johnny Depp's character just as well.
5|12819|This flick should be shown to any kid that can play a lil ball, who thinks he's strolling to stardom. Keep 'em humble/keep the odds in perspective. As far as the flick itself - it's great. Did not want it to end. I wanted to keep following them after their high school days. I thought Arthur had more potential as far as skill, but was more raw. A little polish and he could've been awesome. Of course he never had the chance though.
5|17961|The Exorcist is by far one of the greatest films of all time. It is chilling and at times a bit disturbing. The movie has an extremly well done screenplay and the cast plays their roles respectfully, and nicely. Regan Macneil is a 12-year old girl who is having some problems. She always seems to be doing crazy things, like throwing up and making messes, and cursing at her mother. The doctors are stumped, but not the exorcist. Regan is being possessed by the devil, and her only hope is an exorcisum. They call upon Father Marrin, and it works.
1|20384|This movie is a sequel that didn't have to be made. The stupid antics of Chucky weren't enough this time. Now Chucky has to kill a woman and put her in the body of another doll. So now we have Barbie and Ken going on a murdering rampage that does nothing.
5|22064|A spectacular movie with an outstanding cast. I never get tired of watching The Matrix, as there is always something new, exciting, and intriguing with every viewing. Keanu Reeves succeeded in establishing Neo as a new hero figure. He brought him to life, gave him all of the important qualities necessary to move the movie along and did it in a unique and sophisticated way. This movie will live on through it's groundbreaking special effects, it's alluring storyline, and the visual experience which embodies the essence of that which is the Matrix.
5|15810|I loved this movie it had so much tied in one it was a romance, it had drama and a little bit of comedy. I first read the book and I wanted to see the movie because the book was good the two are very different but there are still the major points from the book was in the movie. This movie I thought was good but, it is a real tearjerker. I liked how they showed that you don't have to be pretty or poopular just to have a boyfriend. I thought Mandy Moore did a good job in this movie. I thought it was good that they showed that she was not going to change just because of these snotty people who make fun of the way she acts. I had tears rolling down my face when there was about 30-45 minuets left in the movie. so to bring this to an end the movie is better than you think it would be.
1|12478|A mentally ill creep passes judgement on children in this creepy movie. The fat kid is despised and reviled simply for enjoying chocolate. He never even gets a chance to show his personality because he's the first to go. The singers call him disgusting and repulsive. No wonder fat kids at school have double the rate of suicide attempts! Why is it ok to hurt fat kids?
5|20883|I love Ritchie Valens and Lou Diamond Phillips did a great job playing him.
1|18633|Others?
1|11171|Could this movie get any worse?
5|7873|I think this one was the best of 1997. You people who think Good Will Hunting and L.A. Confidential have as much meaning and depth as this one must be smoking crack.
5|9686|The four food groups are : 1) candy, 2) candy canes, 3) candy corn, and 4) syrup. This is the greatest holiday film ever & the kids will love it almost as much as grown-ups.
5|13291|No words can describe this film.
5|15838|It was so refreshing seeing this movie after having a bad year for movies. Sure, there were the blockbusters like Gladiator, Patriot and The Grinch but overall, I have been really disappointed in the movies out this past year, until I saw Quills last weekend. I left the theater thrilled to have seen a funny, dramatic, well done, great movie. It stars Geoffery Rush (from Shining), Kate Winslet, and Joequin Phoenix (sp?). The three of them were amazing in this movie. Quills was about the writter/playwrite Marque. Marque wrote about his passions and human sexual urges that in that time were considered wrong. Writing was his life. It is what kept him sane. In this film, you see the power of his writing on others, on himself and the destruction when writing is taken away from him. I really don't want to say too much more because I really want people to go see this movie. It was so good. From the previews, you might think it would be slow but it is full of emotions, drama, action. I wasn't bored at all. I really recommend going and seeing this movie, you will be pleasently surprised. And a side note to hkill, sex can be dirty, or beautiful, or fun, or playful, or twisted. It can be a lot of things. It can be seen as art and Quills not only shows the passion in sex, but the passion in living and human experiences. It explores a lot more topics than just sex. It is about love as well. Censorship, power, corruption, greed, friendship, religion. If you could get your chaste belt off, you might see that.
1|16178|The most offensive piece of garbage that I have ever seen and that's saying a lot considering that I don't get offended easily. That's all that I can say about this movie. I'm sorry but I fail to see what makes this movie brilliant or even interesting. I felt nothing for the characters and didn't really care about the epic battle between the irish and the natives .
5|12831|Outstanding music movie. Sarah Share does a great job of walking the tightrope between glorifying and villifying the genius and self destructive bent of Shane MacGowan. You leave the movie not exactly sure what to think - will he be dead in 5 years? Will he go sober? Can he go sober and still be himself? However the story ends, the life he has lived to date is interesting to say the least... if you like the punk rock scene, and you enjoy the Pogues, you should not miss this movie.
5|14298|By far one of the best films ever. Edward Norton is unbeleiveable! Brad Pitt's best role is Tyler. The twist was great and the plot line was strangley fascinating. This movie is great all around.
5|15186|A movie where the characters take central focus. Viewers don't even have to know, care or like horses or horse races. Seabiscuit and his jockey Red Pollard are both down and out angry souls. Tobey Maguire is excellent as Red Pollard as he portrays his hurt, anger and pride. The horse and the jockey understand each other and it shows. Jeff Bridges is superb as Charles Howard, the man who takes Pollard in and never gives up on both of them. The real stand out is Chris Cooper as the reticent horse trainer Tom Smith. The horse racing scenes are wonderful, but the movie does right to focus on the lives and interaction of the three men. It is a great movie of perserverence.
5|17949|This has got to be the best comedy of all time. Its absolutely hilarious. If you want to have an awesome night at your house, rent this movie. Funny stuff.
5|998|If somebody woulda hired some marines to take care of that little a hole Bruce willis instead of stupid forigners he wouldnt be so hard to die! I wish bruce willis was my father
5|5902|Although somewhat slow (one of Hitchcock's greatests techniques for creating suspense), VERTIGO is the most humane and extremely personal movie ever made. It took me a few times to truly see the brilliance of this movie, so I wouldn't be surprised if first-time viewers were extremely dissappointed with it. Definately one of the top 5 greatest films of all-time.
5|17791|creepy as hell and i am not just talking about the hotel itself
5|740|off the chain 
5|19964|Very silly
5|17785|the first was great !
5|754|Never saw the ending coming. Shocked the crap out of me. Best of M. Night Shymalan's films.
1|15465|Dull Director Working.
5|12825|A well done, most amusing and revealing view of one of the major figures of American underground popular culture. The main point of the film: dysfunctionality in the family often leads to genius in the progeny, and usually engenders gross eccentricity, to boot. When you see this film, you can't help but feel so sorry for Crumb's brother Charles, who was a very significant influence on the cartoonist.
5|15192|Loved it was great
1|18141|Pa-thet-ic
5|22058|This is a great movie with thrills and laughs
1|11165|IT'S THE SAME THING AS ALL THE OTHERS!
5|7867|Hilarious. Nicholson does an outstanding job playing an obsessive compulsive writer struggling to interact with other people. Supporting cast also rocks.
5|13285|This was a great one.
5|21551|In my opinion the best of the trilogy. There's actually a story to follow rather than just fighting. It's a great movie, and while it's long and may get old, it's worth seeing.
5|10954|It's a great film. Especially based upon the 1960's!!
5|20897|It is an old song/movie but it's great
5|11492|The Wedding Planner was the best movie that I have seen in a really long time! Jennifer Lopez is a fantastic actress in this movie. Matthew McConaughey was also a great actor. The Wedding Planner is a Romantic Comedy and it made me laugh and cry. If you are thinking that this movie is not a chick flick, you're wrong because I watched it with my boyfriend who also loved it. It made me think about my own relationship and it helped so if you are having problems with your relationship, I suggest that you take your boyfriend to see this movie and I am sure that everything will be fine after that. I could see this movie over and over and over again and I can't wait until it comes out on VHS so I can buy it. Instead of watching the Super Bowl on Sunday, I went to see The Wedding Planner and that is something that I will never regret. So go out and see it!!!
5|1225|One of my favorite Quentin Tarentino films, next to Kill Bill and Reservior Dogs.
5|9679|Hilarious movie. One of Jim Carrey's finest moments!
5|7654|sir, you have 19.........hit me, i like to live dangerously....21.........i'll stay........sir you have 5........i also like to live dangerously
5|8567|I Love her she is great in all he movies.
1|20435|There's no reason to even comment on this movie. It is horrible. You are making a huge mistake if you go see it.
5|7132|My god, this was one of the funniest movies of all time. Where is your head at, 'callmetootie'?
1|17299|This is the most overrated foreign film ever. The moral of the story seems to be this: If something bad is happening, lie about it, make life into a game, and you'll be a hero. This is, by far, the most dishonest depiction of the holocaust that I have ever seen.
5|10001|I love this movie! I bought it on DVD when it came out. It's better than the original, and Jamie Lee and Lindsey were great.
5|5725|I think that Gone with the Wind is the greatest. Clark Gable and Vivian Leigh are perfect.
5|19743|GO SEE THIS MOVIE. The special effects in this movie are best ever created. While the first one had plain, ordinary deaths, the deaths in this one are superb! Its more silly than the first one. I dont want to give away the deaths on here but if you really want to know how they die just leave me a personal message. 
5|3354|Romeo must die has comedy, love, and action all in one. I like all the actors. I really enjoyed the fight scene. The virtual look was cool.
5|10015|Hysterical. The idea of Whoopi Goldberg as a nun is funny enough. With the soundtrack and the dialogue in this movie, it's flat hysterical. Excellent movie.
5|5731|Great movie!!! Even better book!! What was Scarlett thinking when she realized it was Rhett she wanted and not Ashley?
5|973|I know people who are still afraid of going into the ocean because of this movie. I wish they had stopped with this one and not made so many pathetic sequals. Jaws 14, this time he's really pissed and coming to the pool in your backyard.
5|7126|A movie that probably could not be made today, this is arguably one of the finest pieces of American cinema. I don't feel that I'm exagerrating. From subtle lines to the most offensive gags ( More beans, Mr. Taggart? ), Blazing Saddles never tries to be anything it's not and comes out being so much more; a real reflection of Amercan society and humor in the mid 20th century. I recently watched this film with some college-aged people (18-22) and, sadly, having grown up with political correctness, sound bites, and slapstick-only humor, the really genius moments were lost to them. Examples, The sherrif's a n-(church bell), ...my mother is Dutch! and even, It's twoo, it's twoo! These poor kids just didn't get it. Needless to say, the fart scene was a big hit. If your life experiences have taken you beyond your television, watch this movie. But if that's the case, chances are you already have.
1|20421|wow really dissapointed :(
5|8215|AAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHA! this movie is hilarious...this is a must see. this is a perfect movie to watch with your friends or something. DO NOT WATCH WITH YOUR FAMILY! if you are like 15 years old its very very embarresing!
5|14273|great acting
5|7898|Probably my all-time favorite movie (and I've seen a few). I named my Scotty Nigel. Christopher Guest is a genius who does not work often enough. Waiting for Guffman and Best in Show just make me want more more more from the guy. This Blueblood and his equally talented Tapsters Michael McKean and particularly Harry Shearer created a tour de force, er, rock de force, whatever. The quintessential mockumentary rockumentary. Now where's my miniature bread! I've been working with it for half an hour and I cawn't figure out...look, there's a little guy.And look who's in here.No one. And in here...it's just a complete catastrophe. 
1|8784|I hate these mocumentaries because of the camera style (shaky, not steady) and the acting (full of stuttering, pauses, monotone speech). This is no exception.
5|19031|Absolutely amazed. This one flew under the radar. Maybe a cult classic one day.
1|24121|The best thing about this movie is that it was mentioned in an episode of The Simpsons.
5|16302|I saw this movie today for the first time ever. It is very well made, and more Scriptural (in my opinion) than any other Biblical film I have ever seen. And it is very moving (have a box of tissues next to you)! I say there is something seriously wrong with anyone who views this film and remains untouched.
5|4349|Awesome movie Dreamworks di da great job of making a movie that kids and adults would enjoy. Great ending too. 
1|18828|I am sorry but I have to disagree with every single one of these comments. Maybe if the ads for this movie were different the rating would be a 3. Everyone was saying this was the scariest movie since The Excorsist. Yeah, right. This is a zombie movie that was not scary at all. It seemed like every scene was pitch black. Its very difficult to find out what was happening. I love zombie movies, but this one showed how many zombies? 5? The zombies looked like normal people just with a little blood on thier face. The movie starts off horrid; animal rights activists cause the disease to spread. After that its good until the action starts, which is where it gets all dark. Finally, too many questions were unanswered. I hate that. This was a good idea at a modern day Night of the Living Dead, but turns out to be a non-scary, pitch black mess of a movie. Night of the Living Dead lives on!
5|1219|one of the top five greatest films ever!!!!! and if you did not getit you are an idiot! 
5|23391|I really loved this movie.
5|13252|Rain Man was great. Dustin Hoffman gave a tremendous portrayal of an autistic man. Tom Cruise did a pretty good job too.
5|6576|This is THE great John Ford Monument Valley movie! It made John Wayne a star and the western movie a genre. Thomas Mitchell won an Oscar as the drunken doctor. Andy Devine and some of the other Ford players shine.
5|10983|Loved this movie! Also, the main character's name is Malcolm, and Malcolm is the name of the the guy i like(well sorta. Amy, you know what I'm talking about) which makes it even better.
5|4361|This is a very good movie with very meaningful morals I am glad they covered. It covers the meaning of freindship and what true beauty is. It also gets the point across that Disney movies are lame. Shrek has enough crassness to be concedered modern, but also has enough wonderful messages to convey and original ways to convey them that it is ahead of its time. Remember Beauty and the Beast? How the Beast turned into a handsome (By most peoples standards) at the end? Expect none of that in this film. Love can come from inside from your heart and it doesn't matter what the other person looks like. This film actually made me tear up in a couple spots. I also laughed my arse off in some parts.Alot of parts come to think of it. This movie is great for all ages. And I mean that. I think some jokes could be over some kids heads. But you know youth today. They have all that crap on T.V. and porn on the internet, I am sure they'll get most of them. A great film about the power of love and friendship. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. Good date movie.
5|20840|Best movie I have seen in awhile.
5|20698|Another of my mom's favorites. I really like Julie Andrews, too. The story has also historical background-WWII-and it is interesting to see how it all fits. It even inspired me to find out a little more information about the real Von Trapp family ladder.
5|86|So damn good, this movie was, I almost tried cannabalism.
5|2710|The acting was great. The story line was pretty good. The lines were well thought out. The sound track is good, well two songs are. Overall one of my favorite movies. I found the movie to be very funny at times as well.
5|11323|This movie is, dare I say, brilliant. Bitingly funny and alot of black humor at that. This film is ludicrous and completley off in a universe all it's own. Tim Burton added nothing but genious to this film. You cannot help but laugh from beginning to end. Yet another film that helped shape me into the weirdo that I am today. Don't hate this film because Paul Reubins is in it and he was busted for churning the butter in an adult movie theater. Paul is one hell of a funny guy. HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!! When you get there tell em Large Marge sent ya!
5|3368|I am an action movie freak. This movie was packed with action. I was on the edge of my seat all the time. I fell in love with Jet Li, who was also in Lethal Weapon 4. He's a great martial artist. Aaliyah was superub for her first acting gig. Everything was great about this movie, from the storyline to the dialogue.
1|20409|This was probably the very worst movie I ever saw.
5|13534|A beauty of a film. Acting first class and Spacey is terrific from start to finish. His mentor Jack Lemmon would be proud. Directing is superb from debutant Mendes. Music brilliant. 
1|4828|THis is the worst movie I've ever seen!!! The only part that was funny in the movie was when he sarcastically said that a leaf would attack him. I can't believed I wasted 12 bucks(half for me and half for my date) to see this movie!! Don't watch it unless your under 10 years old! AY!
5|22931|A movie very closely written to the book. Ultra-violence clearly conveyed. The human nature and the truth of violence shown in the movie was satisfying.
5|8229|There's Something about Mary is the funniest movie in history.
5|13520|It was a movie about a middle-aged man having a mid-life crisis. He later gets tired of people controlling him or shoving him into the background and decides to take his life back. At some point in our lives we try to regain control of ourselves and do something that makes us happy.
5|22925|As nasty a movie as was ever made. Nobody in this is even slightly likeable. Brilliant performance by McDowell as Alex. I love it.
5|6204|Obviously, I have an affinity for this movie. I think it is the greatest depiction in ANY medium of the battle of the sexes, of the left vs. right brain, of art vs. mediocrity, illusion vs. reality, language vs. culture. In addition, there is no better acting to be found in ANY other film. Williams understood society better than he understood himself.
5|797|Awesome movie. Normally, I shy away from Bruce Willis films because I don't really think he's that good. However, I did watch this one, and I will be the first to say that he does an excellent job. The little boy does a great job as the kid who sees dead people.
5|11337|Laugh out loud funny. I'll never forget the Guacamole Treaty of 1917. Falk and Arkin really clicked. I just about totally lost it when Billy or Bing, I don't remeber which, explained the use of the life vest in Chinese.
5|16458|Helps prioritize what's important in life. Emphasizes the importance of people. Makes you want to stand up for your beliefs.
5|21592|This movie is the best of all the movies on this list. It was absolutely spell-binding and had me glued to my seat. As someone who read the book, I must say it was even better than I imagined. I cannot wait for the next one coming out in December.
5|20854|This is one of my top 5 favorite movies! I don't know why this beautiful classic isn't more popular. Christmas is coming, and if anybody reads this, watch this one with your kids! You will really enjoy it and you'll thank me later. :)
5|4375|If your child ever wants to go explore, show him this movie. I have loved this movie since jr. high. I have looking for it locally so I can buy it, but looks like I will have to buy it from Amazon.
5|11451|With a dearth of family movies out this summer, we took a gamble and took our kids (ages 8 and 10) to it. Though it was PG, there was nothing really objectionable other than they said the word Crap now and then. The movie, kind of a dead-panned Revenge of the Nerds meets Judy Blume set in an Idaho High School, it was surprisingly funny (my wife was in extreme stitiches). Napoleon (played brilliantly by Jon Heder) was hilarious. In fact, each character is delightfully absurd in their own way. I got a kick out of Dietrich Bader (Otto from the Drew Carey Show); he was my favorite as the wacko Sensei, Rex, who taught the lost martial art of Rex Kwon DO. Though I find most Indie films pretentious and way overhyped, not so with Napoleon Dynamite. It's an excellent film.
5|17020|i thought that this movie was excellent. i was able to follow everything that happened. i was a little sad that they didnt use the part with the rat from the book. it was awsome and i will see it again.
5|92|As a thriller, The Silence of the Lambs certainly serves its purpose. A fine script with a solid cast. Hopkins gave an especially chilling performance as the evil but brilliant Dr. Hannibal Lector. Overall, the film managed to keep my attention and never seemed to slow down. A solid five-star thriller.
1|3835|It was really confusing and boring! The best bit was when Heath Ledger had a metal bucket on his head!
5|9651|I used to think that this was a completely stupid, silly movie. And Jim Carrey is just a nuisance at times. But I now know that this movie is a genuinely amusing, good film. Nothing like a good trip to Aspen, California. If only the ending was different...
5|13246|Dustin Hoffman plays like an angel! I like the Las Vegas scenes! :o)
5|6562|This is my favorite James Dean film and I must say a great screenplay which showed people the true minds of teenagers in a time when that wasn't commonly done.
5|22514|I recently watched this film on the Sci-Fi channel; it had been a few years since I last watched it. One can determine how good a movie is by how well it ages. This movie ages extremely well, in the same class as 2001: A Space Odyssey and Forbidden Planet. Its special effects and premise are still believable. This movie is definitely a sci-fi classic.
1|16346|Not funny. I didn't laugh once.
5|4822|HILARIOUS!
1|7662|rubbish
1|13558|I can't believe this ordinary piece of crap got critical acclaim and that it received accolades for the writting. And don't tell me that it was so clever that the characters were thinly drawn - that just results in a whole film where every scene is unbelievably dumb - and we're supposed to be seeing humanity - no idea.
5|218|I think the movie speaks for itself.
5|5282|Greatest film of all time, starring the greatest actress of all time.
5|22272|Better than the original, the second Superman cinematic sojourn boasts some terrific ideas: three Super-villains, a very human Clark Kent, and Superman in love. Clark's revenge in the diner makes one want to stand up and cheer. Great stuff.
1|3404|This movie made a mockery out of one of the darkest days in American history. According to the plot of this movie being stationed at Pearl was one big funfest. Nurses running around dressed in there casual clothes flirting with every Non Comm they see.Officers funning it up on the beach, loads of free time to be had by all.They make this prelude to war seem fun and romantic. If this is the way our military system operates I'LL reinlist tommorow. Now I know that Hollywood Takes libertys with the facts but this movie went way out of hand.If your going to make a movie about Pearl Habor then do so, show us the facts and the unknowns of the day. Not some stupid love story that holds no bearing at all in the dealings of the day. Dec. 7 1941 will live in infamy. this picture people will soon forget.
5|7495|Best legal comedy ever! Two scenes come to mind imediately when you mention this film to me. Scene one: in the cafe, Vinny picks up the menu. Shows the menu to his girlfriend: 'so what do you think, breakfast?' 'Breakfast sounds good.' Then they show you the menu, with three things on it; breakfast, lunch, dinner. Scene two: in the court room, Vinny is crossing a witness. 'Isn't it possible that the two yout's...' 'Say what?' 'Excuse me your honor' 'What was that word?' 'What?' 'Did you say youts?' 'Yeah.' 'What is a yout?' 'Oh, pardon me your honor, two youthssssss.'
1|19707|This movie was stupid and had nothing to do with Jack the Ripper.
5|23178|Listen people, you have to see this movie. Not only is it the most creative movie that i have seen in years, it really affected me as a person as well. It is sad, but beautiful in a way that will make you really question what you would be willing to sacrifice for someone you love. If you love sci-fi, horror, love stories, and just really good movies in general, i highly recommend that you see Donnie Darko. I promise you that it will not disappoint.
1|10045|Adam Sandler shows once again he can't act in this travesty that has him using profanity around little children and knocking McDonalds. Most humor is quite sick and this movie is horrid. Don't even take a bribe to see it!
5|22266|Ahnold at his best! This movie kicks ass!
5|6947|Who can forget lines like, Jim never vomits at home, and scenes like the Tupperware party that focuses on the upcoming Monsoon season? It's so easy to quote this movie. I still laugh outloud every time I see it.
5|7481|One of the best comedies I've seen in a long time. Pesci is great, but my hat is really off to Marisa Tomei. The New York/Brooklyn accents are superb, and just what is called for in this movie. It is great to watch Fred Gwynne doing something other than Herman Munster - and he does it very well indeed. Grits? What is a grit? is only one of the tremendous lines in this movie. I agree with LanceR abut the porch scene being hilarious. Another favorite of mine is Marisa Tomei talking about the poor little dee-uh. If you have not yet seen this movie, rent the video or DVD and watch it. Guaranteed to brighten your day if you're feeling down.
5|4188|An excellent movie!! The creativity is amazing and the movie is an overall winner. Definitely reccommended for kids and adults as well!! If you haven't seen it, rent it right now!
5|11874|I happen to love the stupid stereotypes- even the affirmative actionone! I thought it was past time someone did a send-up of those stupid blaxploitation race movies! gets on soapbox If people would develop a sense of humor about our percieved differences- and not be so [expletive deleted] hypersensative- we would be in a lot better shape as a people. this movie is a step in the right direction. steps down off soapbox thank you...
5|5296|No other film defines cinematic splendor and magical possibilities quite like The Wizard of Oz . Whatever all the necessary elements are - and I am sure many would give their eyeteeth to be capable of completely defining them - rarely do they come together quite as distinctly as they did in this case - with just the right cast, story and enchantment to make it timeless! This never-ending success story is one of those extraordinary things you cannot plan, duplicate or mimic. Since its release in 1939, this film has been the source of wonderful childhood memories and has been loved by several generations. Its message is simple - there is no place like home and the people who love you. That point alone makes it easy to see its wide-range and lasting appeal.
5|18688|in the mood for something truly disturbing tonight? then you should check out the Texas Chainsaw Massacre. Tobe Hooper's horror masterpeice, the Texas Chainsaw Massacre is one of the most influential horror movies ever made. this is the story of 5 youth and there afternoon drive turning into a gory, hellish night of terror and murder. this is the movie that brought us Leatherface, played by Gunner Hansen, one of the most intersting and well.. bad-ass characters ever imagined. so come with leatherface and his red-neck, cannibalistic family down to thier house for dinner, the main course, YOU! and maybe you can play let-grampa-beat-you-in-the-head with a hammer and other fun party games brought to you by the family. i only wish i was around when this movie was in theatres. one of the most disturbing and oringinal horror movies ever made. this is the definition of raw horror. a milestone in horror movie history. this is a must see for any true horror fans out there.
1|12134|Chris Rock is the lead actor in the film. Nuff said.
1|15883|I couldn't stand watching this one, my girlfriend and I turned it off after a half hour. I didn't find it clever at all. If I want to watch a film about crooks, I'll watch Goodfellas, Casino, Usual Suspects, Reservior Dogs, etc. This one falls flat on it's face.
1|3376|Confusing and boring action film makes little use of it's two leads, and doesn't offer anything exciting. Just another excuse to bring a talented performer into a film, despite the horrid material he may have to work with. Avoid at all costs.
5|13905|Rocky is a movie that can motivate even the most unmotivated person to succeed
5|22500|One of the absolute best movies of all. Great visuals, great thought-provoking storyline; great score. Good acting and eminently quotable. Great bit about replicants and existentialism. Bring on the special-edition DVD please!
1|16352|This was a horrible movie. I actually went and saw it at the theater, mainly because of good ratings it had received and intrigued by the storyline. I did not care about one person in this film, good or bad feelings, could not tell you any one characters name. Mark Wahlberg may be the stiffest actor in the history of cinema. It basically had no storyline, just little snippets into the lives of porn actors, not even interesting pieces at that. After it came out there was talk about Burt Reynolds winning a Best Supporting actor for his part? LOL What did he have? maybe 20 lines? I am college educated and appreciate well done and unique movies, but I really am curious what professional movie reviewers see when they review a film and why they rated this so high.
5|16855|Does any body think thet the director made it seem that the main character matt damon died in the mexican prison and the rest of the movie was what death was like for him. Because all through the movie there were mentions of death and weird things happened after he was stabbed.
5|542|Excellent movie!!
5|17593|This is the granddaddy of all adventure films. Henri-Georges Cluzot made this film about 4 men stuck in a South American village with all the dirt and grit, heat and humidity, filling the theater. They get their last chance for redemption by taking two trucks, filled with nitroglycerine over the Andes and through jungle swamps to extinguish an oil well fire. You will sit on the edge of your seat through the entire trip. Billy Friedkin remade the film as Sorcerer. I only catches the intensity.
5|1966|'Chinatown' is my personal favorite of all-time. To this day, the performances of John Huston as Noah Cross and Jack Nicholson as Detective Jake Gittes are as memorable as any ever conceived on film. However, the tragic quality of Faye Dunaway's Evelyn Mulwray is what makes this movie such a monument in filmmaking. The movie is further enduring because of how it mocks the audience's childish hopes for a happy ending. Maybe not the greatest film, but definitely the greatest film noir ever. Period.
5|13093|should be #1. very sad but very good
5|9484|cusack is GREAT!
1|2726|Sucked sooo much - cannot believe humans actually (a)consider this entertainment (b) think Cameron Diaz is pretty (c) think Cameron Diaz can act (d) actually paid money to see this
5|14924|Best movie I ever saw. Everone should see it.
5|224|If you haven't seen this movie, then you are missing out. Terribly violent but a wonderful movie all the same. Action, adventure, romance, huuuuge battle scenes, heros, traitors, this movie has it all. Wonderful acting. Wonderful directing. Wonderful everything.
5|20459|What a story!
1|13570|Although there were some very poignant moments in this film, it completely glorified a sick obsession that is not only illegal in all states (except maybe Arkansas) but morally depraved - I'm talking about pedophyllic behavior. The language of the 16 year old girl is right out of a white trash trailer park - it totally disgusted me.
5|230|Are there any better movies in this one. Well if you like The Gladiator you will like this one. Brave heart is a very touching movie which gave even my father a tear in the eye. See it!!!!
5|11848|Loved it!
5|1972|One of the coolest movies ever! Jack Nicholson was robbed of an Oscar. This film will blow your mind!
1|4425|Chicken Run is a terrible clay-animated feature with the voices of Mel Gibson and Miranda Richardson. This movie is for the chickens.
5|15390|i thought that the movie was great!! it was a really good story! 
1|2054|this is nothing more than a made for TV cheapie with 2 big stars. truly bad movie and soooooo predictable. I want my money back !!!
5|17587|The most charming and well-animated movie I have ever seen. Watch it once for the delightful story of devoted grandmotherly love, twice for the plethora of minor characters, a third time for the amazing animation (especially the way light and shadow are used), and a fourth time because you can't get enough of it. Maybe even a fifth, just to delight again in the triplets' culinary and orchestral eccentricities.
5|21035|One of the greatest concepts in music history. All the credit to Pink Floyd (especially Roger Waters) for coming up with such an amazing album. From that album, came a blockbuster movie. When I think of Allan Parker, Fame, Commitments may come in mind to some. However, this movie outdoes them all as far as Parker's directing skills go. Truly one for the ages.
5|5527|This is on my Top 10 list.
5|1741|Great movie. One that makes you think both as the movie goes on and after its over. You lose the movie if you miss a minute. Definitely worth seeeing.
5|14065|This movie made my A list when I first saw it. It is one of the best protrayals of actual American history I have ever seen, and it really brings out some of the work necessary to bring about the greatest technological achievement of all time, and the amount of danger in which the astronauts could easily find themselves. When Tom Hanks made his series on the Apollo missions, his Apollo thirteen episode concentrates on aspects separate from those portrayed in this movie, which allows this movie to become a working part of the series. The work of Kevin Bacon and Gary Sinise brings out some of the greatness of this film, while Tom Hanks easily portrays the pain of aborting a lunar landing. If you haven't seen it, you should. Anyone even vaguely interested in space will be impressed.
5|12414|I was lucky enough to view an advanced screening of Wedding Crashers last Thursday night. Hilarious doesn't do the film justice. You know how in most films you remember the funniest parts and bring them up as you leave the theater? This one, it's hard to remember the best parts because there's so many of them. Unlike his previous films, where Vince Vaughn is usually reduced to the role of 'scene stealer', here we get a full dose of Babaganush, and he's in his finest form since 'Swingers'. If you liked him in his Swingers/Made persona, you'll love him here. Some of the riffs that he has literally will have you holding your sides with laughter. Owen Wilson is Owen Wilson. You either like him or you don't. He's more of the straight man in this film, although he does have some pretty good lines too, and he has great chemistry with Vaughn, especially in the scenes where they're fighting. He's the ying to Vaughn's yang. The movie certainly 'earns' it's R rating. There's a healthy dose of nudity, sex related hijinks, and f-bombs. But it's not 'gross out' humor a la American Pie. It pushes boundaries, but not just in a 'shock value' way. It's genuinely funny. I saw the movie with a bunch of critics, who usually the jaded type, were laughing their asses of as well. Guys will love this movie and will be quoting it for the rest of the year. Girls will love it too though, and there is a romantic subplot (cheesy at times, but forgivable given how funny the movie is), with Rachael McAdams doing a great job as Owen Wilson's love interest. Isla Fischer plays the role of 'scene stealer' in this one, serving as Vince Vaughn's psycho love interest. And Chris Walken is Chris Walken. So overall..inappropriate, hilarious and glorious. Better than Oldschool. Way better than Anchorman. Best comedy of the year, maybe the last couple of years. 
5|1999|this movie totally freaked me out but it was so cool! Great story!They should make more movies like this!But i don't understand what the whole deal with the bath tub is about!
1|19908|Scream 3 is a total waste of your time. There is nothing scary about it, and the ending is so confusing and doesn't connect with anything that you learned from the past 2. It in fact changes the storyline and confuses you with these silly scripts and bad characters that weren't introduced to us in the past 2.
5|6990|One of the funniest movies ever.
5|12372|I thought the movie had that edgey feel of actually being there. The movie was very close to the book and it was an amazing theme. The acting could use a touch up but other than that it was a wonderful movie that I hope to show my children if I have any. The graphics were also very amazing.
5|7456|this movie was hillarious!! it really deserves 5 stars
5|6748|I never thought I would like a movie about a boy and a fisherman.I ended up loving this movie. Freddie Bartholomew plays a boy who is rich and spoiled rotten. he is on a ship with his dad. When he falls overboard he is rescued by a fisherman played by Spencer TRacy. This was back in the 1930s and the Fishing boat has no way of contacting People, Harvey ends up on this fishing boat for the next three months. He becomes friends with Manuel the man who rescued him. Harvey has to earn his keep on the boat. It starts out rocky since he is a spoiled brat but eventually he changes into a more responisble well behaved child. What i especially love about this movie is the friendship between Harvey and Manuel. Toward the end there is a tragedy.{a tear jerker} this is a very well done movie. Spencer Tracy is perfect as Manuel the fisherman. and Freddie Bartholomew is good as Harvey. A definite classic of a movie.
5|1027|A great action movie. Lots of great one-liners, cool explosions, and a good plot. Bruce Willis is the man.
1|827|I admit that this is a very good movie, but I gave it one star because IT IS NOT A HORROR MOVIE!!!!
5|18139|The buildup of dread makes this a great film. If you expect slash and splatter, stay away!
5|5241|My favorite movie of all time!
5|21960|I loved it! It is the second greatest love story ever told{the first being Gone With The Wind}. I even did my hair like Princess Buttercup for my wedding.It is a beautiful story with colorful characters.Cray Elwes was too hot! That's always a bonus!
1|9854|I HATE this movie it's gross and digusting! and I'm a big horror movie fan and I don't like the fact that they make fun of horror movies! if they make fun of Halloween or Texas Chainsaw massacre or Phantasm I'm gonna rip thier TONGUE OUT!! biggest waste of my time my friend made my watch this with her GEEZ and the humor does not really amuse me it's just gross!
1|833|a super one time movie, but it's not one of those repeated viewing movies, which is important when rating it overall. Won't stand the test of time, trust me !
5|21974|The Princess Bride is such a cute movie. It reminds me of my grandfather, he would always read fairytales to me. All of the cast was wonderful. Every child should see this movie. As Wesley would say AS YOU WISH .
5|5255|Real classics never die. Wonder why they only play it during the holidays though.
5|19233|Good film, avoid the sequels like the plaque, especially part 2.
1|10086|This was one of the only movies I have ever walked out of. It is the worst thing I have seen in a long, long time. The theatre we saw it in accidentally played one of the reels upside down and backwards. That was the only time we laughed. We were lucky though, because we saw it at the cheap theatre and it only cost us $1.50 each. Of course, we still felt ripped off. 
1|2915|This movie was so long and boring. Just a bunch of water swishing around. I honestly can't stand boat movies. I wanted something spectacular and miraculous to happen but they all died. It was a major let down.
5|15409|That is one of the bests if not the best movie I have ever seen. The actors are very talented!!! I believe that Julia Stiles and Sean Patrick Thomas make a perfect couple. So if you haven't seen it and if you are not afraid to cry a bit (I cried three times during this movie) I really suggest you go see this movie you won't regret it!!!
5|6984|This movie is already a classic and for good reason. This is probably Matthew Broderick's 2nd best film, Wargames being his best. The whole movie just made you laugh and feel good. It is rare to see a gem of a movie such as this one nowadays. I own this movie on DVD, and I never tire of it. Charlie Sheen also makes an appearance in this film, and back in those days he was so attractive and actually entertaining......that alone makes the movie worth watching. I highly recommend this movie to everyone.
5|13078|This story was hardly propaganda and certainly to any right thinking person it has nothing to do with events today. However you view anything, two wrongs never one right. As we sit here in this wonderful country, we know what the worlds media tells us. I never believe all I hear or see.
5|14717|Julia Roberts was phenomenal in this movie, if she does't receive an award of some kind, hollywood must be in a coma.
5|14071|One of the great moments in cinema history when Kevin plays catch with his dad- makes me cry like a baby every time I see it.
5|8017|Bill Murray is arguably the funniesst person of all time.
5|11109|Funny movie. It was hilarious. Jim Carrey's humor and goofiness make the movie great.
5|18893|No, I don't believe it. Well, not anymore anyway. This film still terrifies me. The music and the house just send shivers down my spine. I read the novel which was better, but this is something of a classic-as far as haunted house movies go. What do you think. Please e-mail me at turkeystuffing@hotmail.com if you agree or disagree.
5|5533|Chilling... Hitchcock's darkest and (in my opinion) his most mysterious and possibly his best (a close race w/ Vertigo). Recommended to all.
5|17578|The favourite film of Russian critics(in a 1995 poll)is a deeply personal and complex autobiographical account of childhood,as well as an ambitious overview of 20th century Russian life and history..Although the pacing, time shifts and occasionally impenetrable meanings(typical of the director Tarkovsky) will not appeal to all tastes,the rapturous poetry of its images is unsurpassed.Rendering mundane objects and elements almost miraculous,it is a film of intense,inspiring beauty;a serious and utterly unique work of art.
5|6012|sexystreif wouldn't know her a** from a hole in the ground. This is perhaps the most inspired, densely-packed comedy ever in film history! The Marx Bros are the greatest vaudeville comedy team of all-time, and this was their finest, a pure, all-comedy comedy! No filler whatsoever! Where do I begin? How about when they all dress up as Groucho in his bedgown? How about my glass of water? Ok, I give up - how about your glass of water? What about the mirror scene? If you didn't enjoy that, you don't know what comedy is! And the final battle scene is one of the funniest scenes I ever saw! It's also a great anti-war movie - a farce in the spirit of Strangelove and Great Dictator. Hands down, the Marx Bros are true comic legends, and this movie is why! One of my all-time greatest movies ever.
5|9321|This movie is a riot. I laugh my bootata off to this day when I see this flick. A great blend of humor and drama. Not to mention very impressive visual effects. Have you ever seen a movie before or sense that blended both live action and animation and come out with a better film? If you say the adventures of rocky and bullwinkle I will drop kick you I swear to God! Anyway, the live actors hold their own with their toon comrades in this unforgetable crime capper farce. The Weasles are hilariouse as well as beny the cab and baby Herman. Jessica Rabbit has some definate sex appeal. I'd still go out with her over Julia Roberts.Highly Recommended.
5|13736|Matthew Broderick and Morgan Freeman, as well as Denzel Washington are great. The Civil War is shown in all it's unglamorous horror. Way better than The Patriot because it deals with history, has a moral and is realistic.
5|12428|I loved National Treasure! I went to see it with my dad for my last brithday, and we both laughed through it. It's very well done, and actually has an interesting story line. Nicholas Cage did a great job, as did the other actors, and actresses, and I highly reccomend this movie to anyone who wants an adventure.
5|11121|Funniest movie I've seen this year. Jim Carey was hilarious. I would see this movie a hundred times.
5|16896|Anyone who has rated this movie lower than a 4 is just jealous of Eminem. I am not an Eminem fan, never have been. I stepped outside of the box though and looked at this movie from a movie lovers stand point. It has a great plot. Eminem screams talent when he is acting. I thought it was gonna flop like a fish. Boy was I ever wrong!!!
5|581|i just loved the retrospective story board. marky mark 
5|17550|excellent movie!!!
5|2512|This is an example of superior filmmaking and acting in a genre that doesn't get much play anymore. Costner is back on the map after several forgettable films. Hope he continues to find material like this that suit his talents.
5|11647|Funny funny funny. Oh, I forgot...funny! I thought the cinema would have crumpled down because of the big laughs in the crowd.
5|4163|A magicial, cool classic It's fun!!
5|16128|Good film makes great use of it's two talented leads, and includes realistic and overwhelming action scenes. Michael Caine, who is nominated for an oscar for the performer is fantastic, despite the weak material he is given to work with.
5|21784|Forget the special effects....awesome Forget the characters.....believable. forget the story line....unforgetable remember only this.... this is a great movie that will touch, motivate and inspire and two it was leave you lusting to see the sequel. This is one of the best that Hollywood has to offer.
5|15421|ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES THAT I HAVE SEEN SINCE LAST SUMMER. GREAT JOB!!!
5|24824|flawless entertainment. john travolta shows his immense complexity as an alien. his performance is so convincing he may actually be one. forest whitaker i know is an alien because he starred in ghost dog. i recommend this film to EVERYONE (who also likes to stick forks up their butts.)
5|6774|i would have to agree with canadasucks, as it may be getting a bit old, but the movie still has some of the most quotable lines of any comedy ever created. there's too many to list here, but the movie still ranks among the top comedies of all time.
5|23193|the plot was very heartwarming and showed just how strong a father/son bond can be
5|22299|This is a great movie. I love it. the sets for this movie look so empressive along with the CGI. and the idea of Cloning dinosaurs isn't to far fetched. this movie is truly one of the greatest spielberg movies of all time. It is exciting throughout the whole movie and you are captovatide the whole way threw. If you havn't seen this movie, it is a definate must see. It is truley a great movie.
5|6760|ALL HAIL THE REAL GODZILLA!!!!! 
5|13044|This movie is one of my favorites ever. This movie will make you think a lot.
5|9453|incredible witty and wonderful. even more a joy if you know these types b/c then it becomes dead on parody. a well-written adaption. i was worried b/c i enjoyed the Hornby novel(back when he was still writing amusing novels), but the film translated perfectly for the american audience and Cusack handled Rob Gordon with comedic grace.
5|2506|I love this move so much.
5|18111|A classic, and inspired by my 2nd favorite horror film of all time - Carnival Of Souls (1962). Or so George A. Romero - writer/director of Night Of The Living Dead says.
5|21948|timeless 
5|5269|This is one of the greatest movies of all time.As a child it has everything you want in a movie; flying monkeys, witches,talking animalsetc. Also one of the greatest movie songs in Somewhere over the Rainbow.This film appeals to all age groups.
5|11653|every movie with david spade is a very funny movie i loved it it was a great and very funny movie plus brittany daniels is so hot.
5|4177|The best disney movie of all time.
5|21790|The scenery special effects are awesome. Can't wait for the third.
5|11135|Hilarious! This movie continued solid with comedy throughout, and never had a bland spot. It was laugh out loud funny. The plot was non-existent, but still great.
5|595| This is a film lovers dream.Filled with nothing but great,professional performances by the entire cast,a beautiful score,master direction and not to mention one of the best if not the best mystery/suspence stories ever put to film. Kevin Spacy stands out with his Oscar winning portrayl of Verbal the crippled criminal. In this movie nothing is as it seems.You get just about everything action,suspense,comedy,mystery,drama. This is one of my favorite films and I garuntee you will love this film. Not a money back garuntee mind you. I don't work at a video store. 
5|17544|Great Danish movie. Enjoyable (extreme) people!
5|1769|One of 007's finest cinematic adventures ever. With a cast beyond compare and a straight-forward plot concerning the theft of a decoding machine, FRWL makes for fine action, drama, romance, and suspense. This is Sean Connery's Bond at his best.
5|6006|Interesting and even inspiring. Good for any age. Great black and white film.
1|10904|Drew, you were probably taking tongue kisses when you were 12.
5|23839|Although slightly inferior to Treks 2, 4, 5, 6, 8 and 9, this one is still good. It brings the TOS and TNG crews together, shows us the missing link in the Enterprises (the B, Excelsior-class) and the origin of Guinan. Also, TNG foes Lursa and B'etor are brought back as the enemies. With emotions from Data, saucer seperation, time travel, the TNG theme, other Starfleet ships, and cool new sets, this one has many great touches. As with all Trek movies, this one comes highly recommended.
5|7318|Hilarious! I have never worked in the cube environment, but the movie still makes you think about all the crappy jobs you've had and ways to plot revenge against your bosses. I'm surprised it didn't do well at the box office...but it definitely developed following after it was released on video/DVD.
5|15353|A truly great American hero film! The all star cast portraying astronauts is a guys excuse to miss Monday Night Football. The book was great, the movie did the book right. This is one of only a few movies I own on tape.
5|5537|One of the greatest horror fils ever right behing the Exorcist. This film may not appeal to kids, who think horror should be nothing but special effects with lots of gore. The story is well written and most people can't forget the shower scene. Terrific horror movie, back in the day when horror films were well done
5|3146|This is the best, most suspensful movie I can remember seeing. It was interesting, and had me on the edge of my seat. There were some really cute actors too. I am planning on seeing it in the theater again.
5|7320|I've never worked in an office before but I think the theme of wanting to escape a spirit-crushingly tedious job is one that has fairly universal appeal. The boss is spot-on as a wannabe good leader whose attempts to be emollient are horribly grating with his needlessly elongated syllables and patronizing manner. The best scene is when the three central characters take the symbolically oppressive office photocopier to a secluded place and start to smash it up in slow motion to the strains of gangster rap music. Definitely a good film to watch when work is getting you down.
5|1989|I dont know about anybody else, but if you see this movie in the theatres, it will haunt you. This movie does a good job to get into your mind. The images were very eerie and hard to forget, the ghost was simply creepy. Also have some good scenes that make you jump. Very unpredictable, especially the ending, one of the most serious endings i've ever witnessed!
5|8013|CLASSIC. Bill Murry's defining movie. I could watch it again and again, thank god for cable because it is always on.
1|17935|This movie is a shocker, and totally one hundered pecent not scary. I am 9 year old boy and this is poo. If anything, hilarious especially the girl going down the stairs. The Omen is far better!
5|14713|One of the greatest movies I have ever seen .julia kicks ass.
5|6980|if only i were as lucky as Mr. Bueller when it came to skipping class :(. This movie is cute and funny and good for a laugh. I'd recommend it to anyone!
1|19918|This movie sucks! There was no actual plot, and all the characters seemed fake, and the acting was horrible. This movie was the worst of all three. The whole movie was so bad it was painful to watch.
5|12362|Though it is getting damned with faint praise by the critics, I find (as a Potter non-reader) that the Potter stories get increasingly more compelling to the adult viewer. Goblet of Fire was an interesting and exciting movie. I liked seeing that while Harry can go toe-to-toe with the fiercest dragons and the evilest of Dark Lords, he can't get laid. You'd think he can just wiggle [both] his magic wands at the delightfully witchy and firm buttocks of Hermoine Granger and her Hogwarts' skirt would magically go up and her little black witch thong would go down. At last I get to see the bad-assed dude named Voldermort. As with most horror movies (except for Alien), what you imagine is far scarier than what you see on screen. Voldermort looked something like the lovechild of Nosferatu and the Creature from the Black lagoon. And if he's so damned evil, how could he let little Potter essentially kick the shiite out of him in a battle to the death. It would be like one of the Olsen Twins knocking out Mike Tyson. Of course, it's only a movie. The big issue is that this PG-13 is for real. Some stupid Daddio behind me took his six-year kid to watch th movie. Every 10 minutes, stupid Daddio is reassuring his kid, "It's not that scary, right?" Near the end of the movie, the 6-year old sounds like he's peed his pants in terror and is moaning at images of skeletons and blood and death. Idiot Daddio is going, "It's okay...you'll be alright." Li'l Dude is probably not going to be able to sleep for the next 10 years. 
1|23448|Like all Shamalyan films, boring, poorly-acted and shameful.
5|18129|The Shape says that George Romero made his directorial debut with this film, a low-budget B-movie that would go on to become a classic, hailed by all connaisseurs of horror. Although famous for its gore and ruthlessness, this is far more accessible than Romero's later films of the seventies such as Martin and Dawn of the Dead. That said, the rapid editing and early gore effects are combined to give a claustrophobic and unrelenting portrait of seven survivor's attempts to escape the clutches of seemingly endless crowds of the undead. Romero's greatest film (closely followed by the masterpiece Martin) and highly influencial, partlicularly amoungst cult horror, Romero's work was to influence many other horror directors including Italian directors and other cult icons such as John Carpenter. For what is essentially an independant film, the acting is not too bad and the script is superb - both believable and endlessly quotable. Scenes to look out for include a scene where a zombie is set on fire (done without protection of course), and a scene where dozens of zombie hands break through a window and grab out at our heros. Actually, the entire end sequence is utterly terrifying. For the first time, a horror movie was set in reality (relatively speaking). Utterly unrelenting and totally compelling, this cult masterpiece is an absolute must-see for all horror-buffs, even if you don't like the later work of the great Romero. IF YA SMELLLLLL LA LA LA LA....what the SHAPE....IS COOKIN!! 
1|12695|Michael Moore can kiss my republican ass.
5|5251|One of the few times I actually agree with Louie. This mocie is a masterpiece and I personally believe that it is the best movie of all time. I watch this movie at least once a year and I could never ever grow tired of it, never.
5|21970|I never get tired of watching this incredibley unique movie. Great cast, great story, great dialogue. Highly recommended.
5|16110|This movie would have been even better with more Gordon Gecko and less Charlie Sheen.
1|9688|Will tries to hard he just didnt make it funny
1|12681|Let's do the math.....Tara Reid + Christian Slater = ???
5|10561|Great movie, especially the jailhouse scene when they did their little dance.
5|21964|This is what a family movie should be-- smart, witty, non-gratuitous, and made for the WHOLE family. Great stuff for adults, great stuff for young people. GREAT STUFF! I wish there were a whole lot more movies like The Princess Bride. 
5|13068|This is the best movie ever made. It has all the elements of life: love, family, loyalty, betrayal...
5|14707|This is a great movie for both guys and girls. It's kind of long, but you don't notice because you are so into the movie. It's great to see with a big crowd because everyone will be cheering her on.
1|17921|I know this movie was made when I born and I would probably would have been scared and all but I saw it a couple of years ago and I laughed I don't see nothing scary about it.
5|1023|Great movie. True, there are implausibilities; who was where when Sgt. Al first radioed for help? But there was great effort to tie different parts of the movie together; much of the movie is foreshadowed on the airplane; Bruce Willis is a soon to be barefoot cop.
5|6994|Fuuuuunnnnyyyy, FFFFuuuuunnnnnnyyyyy,FUUUUUNNNNNYYYYY. It really was Funny
1|2905|It boggles the mind that the vast majority of people posting ratings on this website rate this worthless piece of celluloid junk a 4 or better on a scale of 1 to 5. The formulaic script and shockingly pedestrian direction (especially for the Director of Das Boot) are bad enough, but the dialogue is the capper: Clooney's last line in the film (shouted at a wave) is one of the most laughable in film history. I loved the book, but the translation is terrible. Completely missing from the film is the very interesting way in which the storm's development was followed and tracked by meteorologists. Instead, the film creates a false and terribly underdeveloped story about a weatherman who does nothing more than point at a computer screen and say wow. Also lacking is development about the Navy rescue divers (although I found that story to be somewhat distracting in the book). In sum, this translation of an excellent book ended up being a schizophrenic mess, filled more with insipid and flaccid love stories than the drama that drove the real life event. I strongly recommend that if you are a thinking person, even one who really enjoys a great bubble gum flick as I do, do not even waste a buck renting this garbage on dollar night.
5|8761|One of my favorite movies... Love adam and drew together!
5|12376|Saw this today! It was great. Entertaining, warm and a pleasure to not be distracted from the film by better known child actors...a wonderful movie. Kamy: Found this re: cat with spectacles on a blog: "Maybe it was the crayoned marking that Edmund did when he went into the witch's house earlier on. Did anyone notice that he was painting a mustache onto one of the stone statues? It looked like he had grabbed black charcoal, but it could have been another color. I wasn't sure if it was a cat, but I will make sure I pay close attention when I go back to see the movie, on both points, because I didn't see what you're referring to." 
5|7334|A great true to life comedy about the workplace. A can relate, being in my early twenties and surrounded by all these corporate buttheads whose only concern is their wallets. This movie did not do very well in the theaters but the video and dvd has been a top seller.
5|14061|Good film. It is an accurate and legendary recreation of the Apollo 13 incident. I highly reccomend this film. Brilliantly directed by Ron Howard. Tom Hanks has a career performance.
1|16381|An R-rated movie that is shockingly marketed toward teenagers, this one promotes sexuality as freedom, like too many trashy teen movies of our time. It includes not just premarital sex, but drug use, violence and nudity. The creators and actors in this film note that they had to find a non-obnoxious way to make a modern teen a virgin. That's right, my friends, being pure is obnoxious and unpopular. (I've never heard anything more ridcioulous!) Thankfully, the film didn't gross much, but several teenagers I know wanted to watch it at school. This film certainly has cruel intentions, to corrupt the teenagers of our time. Avoid at all costs.
5|9319|I loved this movie! This is a great blend of animation and regular motion picture. This wasn't the funniest movie, but it was GREAT!
5|5523|WHAT??? Psycho is a masterpiece! Psycho is probably the best movie of all time and destiny23 calls it dull!!! To everyone who did not say Psycho was a great film, I have a defense. Anubis, you say this film is really great and then give it a 4, which = good! Anyway, u say that its really great considering how old it is. What movies do u watch??? It came out in 1960! Have u never seen Ben-Hur, Rebel without a Cause, 12 Angry Men, anything by Chaplin, most any Hitchock or Wilder??? As to Callmetootie, the first half is very suspenseful and brilliantly done. The fact that the shower scene was done 50 minutes into the movie is amazing - the director killed off the main character in the middle of the film - that is shocking if u dont know if its coming and very daring since it was never done before. Read some analysies about the movie and study it and u will like it more, u seem literary, the movie reeks with symbollism and foreshadowings, it's a dark dark comedy, and recurring images. domilyn, add a star. for me. i dont find init's joke funny, i would if it were for any other movie but dont bring down psycho's rating!!! revote! And baci, add a star.
5|19545|Word to the wise, if you see Christopher Lee wearing one of Cher's old wigs start running. And Britt Ekland is the most underrated actress of our time. Even if they had to dub her.
5|16676|In his best role yet, Adam Sandler plays the strangest and most awkward character that I've ever seen on screen. Nevertheless, he's lovable as ever.
5|12438|A very fun movie. It had excitment and humor bond very well. While I don't care much for Nicoles Cage I still really like his performance and his friend was hillarious. Worth Watching.
5|15357|This is one of my 2 favorite movies; the other is Babe, Pig in the City. Babe is probably better for children, but BV is virtually flawless as a cinematic experience. I liked it much more on the second viewing than the first; there aren't many movies that I can say that about. Mulholland Drive is great also.
5|13726|This has got to be one of the best war movies of all time. It beats out The Patriot by a long shot. This film had all the goods nad presented a realistic re-enactment of the rise and fall of the 54th Massachusetts Regiment led by Col. Robert Gould Shaw. As a lover of history, I knew that I had to see this movie when I first heard about it, and I was not disappointed. The characters were all perfectly developed, and the buildup to the climax was phenominal. Not to mention the wonderful acting by the all-star cast which included Matthew Broderick, Denzel Washington, Morgan Freeman, Cary Elwes, Jay O'Sanders and others. I enjoyed seeing each of the characters evlve in their own way: espescially that of Denzel Washington, whose character was so cynical, hateful and spiteful at the beginning but in the end we learned his true feelings of respect for the brave men fighting beside him. Glory is a moving, inspirational film which shows that a true patriot is one who defends his country even when it had wronged him. A true patriot is one who tries to fix the wrong. And that is exactly what the men of the 54th Massachusetts Regiment helped do. A great movie!
1|10900|What about him?
5|16886|Lost Highway is a film that all filmakers wish they could make. But sadly, most filmakers don't have the talent that David Lynch has in his pinky finger. This dark film noir is a masterpiece. This movie was made to open minds, to inspire thought and feeling and it accomplishes that very well. Every person who watches it takes something different out of it. What I take is that life is like a Lost Highway. Going in different directions to different conclusions. Fred Madison's guilt over killing his wife (which he doesn't even remember..he sees himself brutally doing so on a tape sent to his home.) so overtakes him that he becomes someone else. Or he at least halluncinates that he does. Two sides of a road. Redemption and Guilt, Suffering and Release. But more than that, it shows to look beneath the surface (much like Lynch did in Blue Velvet and Twin Peaks). He Showed things aren't always as they may seem beautfully with the Man In Black in the masterful party scene in which the aformentioned Man tells Fred that he is at Fred's home..When Fred scoffs, he is then told to call his home and finds the man answering...this scene is brilliant for so many reasons..When I first saw it I rewound it and watched it again..just to try to fully comprehend it. But Lynch's work really isn't there to be comprehended. It's there to be experienced and felt. Many elements are present in this film to be taken in and understood upon repeat viewings..And considering how I've only seen this movie twice, I'm sure I miss a lot. But what I have seen and what I have understood I've thought amazing. But Lynch is amazing..Everything he's ever done is amazing. See this movie. Look beneath the surface.
5|17540|Excellent film, incredible story of triumph and overcoming just unbelieveable odds. So many uplifting and inspiring moments. It's one of those films where (and I know a lot of films have these but I'm still going to note it) this guy is pushed down and pushed around and seen as nothing for so long and then he's starts coming around and becomes recognized for the skill he has and you just feel really good. When his father carries him into the pub for a beer I think I saw my friend shed a tear (he's kind of a Sally).
5|591|I have never seen a thriller so amazing such as the Usual Suspects. It is a brilliant, well directed and well cinematically edited film. Kevin Spacey's performance is excellent and probably even one of his best. This film also contain some unforgivable phrases that are truely amazing. But the thing that is really extraordinary in this film is its astonishing ending, which is almost certainly the best ending ever. This is clearly a must-see film; even more than twice... 
5|2264|Top Gun is an all time great movie. One that will never get old.
5|4173|i loved it i think it had cool songs and the voices when great and werent oddly off and i dont think it ment that u should disobay ur father its jus u have to go for what u think is right even if it means ur father would get mad cuz even they can be un reasonable i liked the crab he was cool
5|21794|This movie deserves a word which I do not apply lightly: masterpiece. If I could give it more stars, I would. This is perfect film-making. Not one frame is dull. Each of it's 181 minutes is enthralling. Everyone would find something to enjoy.
5|18115|excellent excellent movie simply amazing
5|6764|Dark, intense, gritty, these are just a few of the adjectives I'd used to describe this little-known, 1965 classic, The Hill. The film - shot in black and white - depicts the corruption and sadistic abuse of prisoners who are treated as barbaric animals held captive inside a slaughterhouse/British Military prison, in the region of northern Africa. Sean Connory plays the protagonist in perhaps the finest acting effort of his entire career - his opinion as well! The title of the film refers to a huge, steep mound of compacted dirt on which the subjects are forced to tread up and down continuously, carrying heavy sandbags beneath the hot, blistering desert sun.
5|8991|I LOVE THIS MOVIE!
1|17909|If you like this movie something must be wrong with you. It's a sick litle movie that insults the good christain name Don't waist your'e time on sick disgusting junk.
5|23183|Super sci-fi/fantasy movie. Open your minds and enjoy the ride!!!
5|8749|Funniest movie in 1999!
5|13054|Simply one of the greatest gangster films of all time. It's a great epic with a plot that unfolds in an interesting way. It is a movie I would never tire of seeing and one everyone should see at least once.
5|9443| Tootsie is one of the best comedy movies ever made. Unable to find acting work, Michael Dorsey (Dustin Hoffman) disguises himself as a woman and is hired to work on a soap opera as Dorothy Michaels, a hospital administrator. What follows is a series of absolutely hilarious events based on the deception. Hoffman is forced to deal with women's things, such as building a wardrobe, applying make-up, dieting, dealing with chauvinistic bosses, etc., and he also has to fend off the advances of various admirers. A particularly funny scene takes place when John Van Horn, one of Dorothy's co-workers, serenades her outside her apartment building. A flustered Dorothy is forced to invite him in, and what follows is a riotously funny scene in which Bill Murray (Michael/Dorothy's roommate) confronts the would-be suitor. Even though I've seen Tootsie so many times I've lost count, I never fail to enjoy it thoroughly.
5|6770|this is my favourite comedy movie and im not a python fan but i seen this and could not stop laughing i did not get all the jokes but it doesnt really matter there are so many gags going on at once theres always something that keeps you amused(in fits of uncontrolable laughter) and everytime you see it you find more and more little gags going on in the background a true masterpiece. if you see this once and like it you will watch again and again.
5|23197|This was a fantastic movie. Even though the first 30 minutes were boring, the movie picked up very well at the end.
5|15425|As of now this is my favorite movie.Julia was so great in this movie she put on a good performance as she is a killer dancer......
5|22289|hey! i saw this when i was 8. and i totally thought it was real for sure!..then when i got lil older an watched it and was able to judge for myself..it was incredible!!
1|20169|Man... I have never been so let down by a movie. Considering, that I wanted to love this move... since the original Exorcist is my favorite horror flick of all time. I almost gave this movie 2 stars because it did make me laugh in certain supposed scary parts. Before I commented on this, I tried to think of ways to make this at least... at least 2 stars. I just couldn't do it. This was a horrible, boring, dragged out piece of garbage.
1|23460|Painfully lame.
5|21780|I loved the battle at Helm's Deep and the part where the Ents attack Isengard.
1|7699|From what I'd heard this movie was par to Monty Python. So I rented it. All I remember about it was waking up to drool all over my nice new leather couch.
5|2516|Fantastic
5|18101|I've seen this movie many times. The whole idea of a crazy fan is very realistic and scary. I really like Kathy Bates too. She's pretty scary by herself.
5|21958|There is so much to enjoy about this movie. First of all, it is very true to the book (except the omitted chocolate incident and the added roles of Fred Savage and Peter Falk). Second, Robin Wright makes a lovely and strong heroine. Third, there are too many brilliant character actors in vibrant supporting roles to mention here. Finally, this movie contains one of THE BEST fencing scenes of all time, creatively choreographed and skillfully executed.
5|5279|The big daddy of all the family films. A wonderful fantasy about Dorothy getting whisked off to Oz and meeting up with many memorable characters. You could see this a hundred times and not get tired.
5|585|I finally saw this movie and it was awesome!!! I think what put the icing on the cake was Kevin Spacey... he played his character so well I think I'm gonna name my dog Verbal.
5|18667|classic. would rather watch this one then the remake
5|19579|i loved this movie not scary but very well done
5|4601|Pretty good movie I read the book but even though they left out the back story about prof. lupin and snape making his potions I thought it was good. Think about it if they put the whole story from the book into the movie, the movie would have been like 5 hours. long. Above all it was a great movie.
1|3399|A maudlin and simplistic love story during which the Japanese happen to bomb Pearl Harbour. Prettily filmed though.
1|18390|not good at all 
5|15343|Should be up in the top twenty.....
5|1779|An excellent script acted out by fantastic actors.
1|10914|I would probably like this movie if I didn't have a penis.
5|13732|Civil War movies ar historical and tragic. This is one of the best. It covers the Mass. black regiment on the Union side. Very educational. It being a film it can give people a chance to see history, rather than read about it. Great cast including Carey Elwes, Morgan Freeman, and Denzel Washington.
5|9325|Who Framed Roger Rabbit is a stunning display of film/animation. The story is highly imaginative, combining the cartoon world with the real world. There still isn't quite anything like this movie. It's in a class of its own.
5|6016|wow!WOW!
1|11439|this is the most boring movie i seen in my life i dont know why a lot of people like this movie there was no comedy and i almost feel asleep during the movie. if your tired then watch this movie and it will put u to sleep.
5|24175|The movie was good because it showed excitement from the beginning. Great computer usage and I loved the story line. I liked the parts when they used high technology in the asteriod. This gives new ideas to future development in technology.
5|22504|Excellent storyline and visuals ahead of it's time. Harrison Ford as the main character was great. The pressures and obstacles of the detective were clearly shown throughout the movie.
5|13901|An absolute classic. Who doesn't get goosebumps during those training scene when that song starts playing, and Sly puts on his game face, and the blue collar residents of Philadelphia rally around him. I mean come on, this is what the movies are all about.
5|3185|Epic. Great story. Viggo Mortenson and Omar sharif are fantastic. Go see it.
5|18854|What a great horror film! My favorite kind of horror is the kind that isn't afraid to have a laugh. This one has many laughs that in return, magnify the horror. Two friends from America are attacked by a werewolf and you like these two guys! David and Jack seem like nice, funny guys! Two guys I wouldn't mind hanging out with. Anyway, You don't want either of them to get hurt. Not to give away too much plot, both of the men's lives change drastically after this encounter and things will never be the same again. Horror and comedy blend to make this a very enjoyable and unique film experience. For those of you who might judge this movie before seeing based on the horrid sequel, An American Werewolf in Paris, rest assured this is a completly different film. Paris is more of a fairy tale, while London is a more realistic (as far as fictional werewolf horror films go) take on the whole situation and London relise on REAL special effects, as in were actually there and not added in later by a couple of guys with computer. Amrican Werewolf in London is a classic and highly under rated for such a sharply written and original werewolf film. Never before or since have I seen such a good werewolf movie. Take a look and I garuntee zero disapointment. It is easy for me to garuntee,see, because I don't make it a money back one and anyways you don't know where I live soooo you're going to have to deal if you have no sense of humor and don't really like horror films. I must say I HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS MOTION PICTURE!
1|9139|This one's a stinker. Taking steps away from the PG-rated Holy Grail and the TV-PG Flying Circus series, this one has horrible sight gags and just tons of sick stuff. Avoid at all costs. I'll take the Knights of Ni and the Fish Slapping Dance over this dreck any day.
1|12656|What an utter disappointment, there is no comparison between this tripe and the original (which is a remake of the superior Japanese version). The original had genuine atmosphere, inventive cinematography and real suspense. The film quality is very standard this time around and lacks the high contrast grainy quality of the first that added to the atmosphere. The main protagonist hasn't gained any more intelligence since the first movie. In fact, she is a complete ditz who needs an IQ infusion to take it out of the double digits. In the first version, she had somewhat of an excuse as she stumbled across the origins of the videotape and began to realize the implications. There were indications in the first movie that she was somewhat of an absent parent who needed to make a connection with her child. In this version, she is even more absent-minded and neglectful. WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD Examples: 1) Right near the beginning, the demonic girl makes an appearance by emerging from a body bag and grabbing the mother to try to pull her into the netherworld. Hmmm...you'd think the mother would clue in and grab her kid and find a police station, hospital or some of other well-lit public place with lots of other people. Nope, instead she leaves her kid alone in a big empty house while she does her investigative reporting at all hours of the night. Plus, they have a Big Screen TV in their new digs. Hello! You would think after what they went through in the first movie, they would avoid being around TVs at all costs. It gets worse, not even half way through the movie, the mother has either left her kid alone or lost him altogether an additional 2-3 times. Example 2) would be after seeing the demonic girl manifest herself in the kid's room and seep out of the walls, the mother takes her son to her romantic interest's house...and leaves him alone in the bathtub while she goes for a drive! The demonic girl loves the water; it's her calling card and main mode of transport, apparently. So, naturally the kid is on his own again with you-know-who. And don't get me started on the "scary" computer-animated herd of roaming deer, yeah, that's right --- demonic deer! Vicious, villainous venison! Oooo, spooky! It has to be one of the most unintentionally funny moments in a horror film and brings the suspense to a screeching halt. No floatation device, ring or otherwise, would save this sinker. 
5|208|Greatest action movie of all time. involved not only war but a perfect mix of romance and a very good story. Mel Gibson rocks in this. A good choice for any male.
1|1203|Nasty violent movie, walked out of the theater half way through the movie !!! Glorifying and laughing at killing people, sick !!
1|22795|The only reason I saw this movie is because everyone was reading the books, how foolish I was. I hated this movie because it was boring and uninteresting. The plot was pathetic and simplistic.I wish in these childish movies that good lost againest evil for once so they wouldnt bother me with the next movie.
1|7672|I can't remember even smiling at this movie once.
5|22262|A good original movie. A lot of movies are based from this one. Good special effects for that time. One of the best storylines.
5|7485|Love it!
5|24613|I give Planet Of The Apes(2001)five stars, it is one of the best sci-fiction filmS( next to Star Wars). It 's my favorite movie so far. The end of the movie may not make sense to some people, but it is still a good film and worth watching. My favorite part in the movie,is where General Thade (Tim Roth) looks right at Leo Davidson (Mark Wahlberg)and said This one looked at me ..i loved that part. PLANET OF THE APES (2001)RULEZ!!! 
5|22276|it is ok.
1|19717|Lame rip-off of several much better movies on the same sort of subject.
5|23168|This is a very interesting movie. It may seem a bit weird, but the character and plot development is superb. It touches on some very interesting concepts that many people don't think about. I'm usually very critical with movies, but I really liked this one.
5|20461|Everest was the first IMAX I ever saw and I was awestruck. The making of it and the production and the real life drama was spellbinding. IMAX is a wonderful new way to present media.
1|14233|Lord of the Rings deserved that Oscar.....not this pile of crap.
5|4198|I love monsters inc. boo is my favorite. I love her. she is too cute, i can't stand it. mike and sully are funny, the characters are so real and stuff. I love this movie. I love boo.
5|18840|A gory, creepy thriller from the director of Trainspotting. Remarkable acting and frantic cinematography make up for what may lack in terms of plot. Ultimately, this is a fierce critique of the nature of humanity, masked in blood and trauma. If you're looking for more than a mindless action flick, you won't regret seeing this film. But don't see it alone...
5|18698|This movie is a classic!
5|24161|This a great movie, the score is wonder, the effects are great and the script is terrific. Bruce Willis and Billy Bob do a good job. The story is basically we are all going to be killed by a huge asteroid and the only way to save the earth is to blow it up. It will make you laugh and cry.
5|22510|this is a bad a*s movie!
1|10733|I've walked out of only two movies in my life, and one was Nurse Betty (the other was Endless Love, to give you some perspective). I went in expecting a light, entertaining comedy, and what I saw instead was graphic violence and really terrible acting. The movie is about a waitress who witnesses a serious crime, has a break with reality, and then believes she's an actress in her favorite soap opera. With a plot like that, I felt sure I was in for lots of laughs. What a shock it was to see the serious crime depicted in a very realistic, horrifying way and more violence (including lots of blood and gore) in subsequent scenes. Morgan Freeman and Chris Rock, playing the killers after Nurse Betty, should be ashamed of themselves. Their roles were definitely beneath them, and one of the worst parts was that no one in the theater laughed at any of their jokes. It was pathetic! I still feel disturbed by the violence I saw in the first hour of the movie. You have been warned!
5|13915|A powerful look into corruption in the military and the debate between following orders v obeying your personal consience.
1|176|Awful movie with a screwed up history, lots & lots of errors, Mel Gibson (William Wallace)would have been 350 years old with this hollywood boloney....
5|552|A brilliant script, spectacular performances from Spacey and Byrne, career performances from everyone else. One of the best movies ever.
5|1976|Nice pace, great storyline and great direction. A classic!
5|15394|That movie was a great movie to show teens to do the right thing and hang around with the people you know you are safe with! I lOvE rIcHaRd 4 LyF!!!!
5|14934|I thought that the patriot was one of the best movies ive ever seen. it had all the essentials to being a great movie, too. ive tried to find it out on vhs but i can never find it. i can only find it out on dvd. well ive rented it and watched it so many times that i know every word that mel gibson is going to say. i really like the fighting scenes, also.
1|2736|Question? why do all these action movies want to have a fight sequence like the Matrix?
5|234|A wonderfully scripted and acted epic about the rise of a Scottish revolution. Mel Gibson gives the audience a very graphic depiction of Medieval life and warfare. While some aspects of the life of William Wallace are embelished, the lack of true factual data allows Gibson a bit of creative lisence.
1|7896|This Is Spinal Tap was a failed attempt to spoof rock n roll groups, and it was directed by Rob Reiner. The characters in this film are totally annoying and crude, and they acts like total punks and fools. The music in this film is too loud and screeching to enjoy at the very least. I think that Rob went a bit too far with this one.
5|11694|This movie was hilarious! It wasn't the funniest movie of all time or anything, but it is definately worth seeing.Great entertainment!
5|220|Being a movie fan ,and brought up watching the old epics on the big screen,I never thought I'd ever see them bettered.That is until Braveheart.The word masterpiece is used a little to loosely these days(Forrest Gump?!!),however this film must qualify.Mel Gibson is a natural director who knows what he is doing.(Roland Emmerich please take note!).Also great to see Patrick McGoohan in a worthy role.Yes, I liked Gladiator too,but I have to agree with Wiggum on this one,it doesn't hold a candle to Braveheart.
1|22965|Crap!
5|9480|This is the movie about males and relationships. Surprisingly males actually have feelings. The movie is a great commentary on the male perspective of the relationship, focusing on how one man handles a break up with a long time girlfriend. The movie is also for music lovers, and by music lovers. I mean, obssesive music collectors who really know their stuff. The movie is also a stunningly well done adaptation of the book. The screen writers successfully change the narrative from english slang (British) to American. A fine movie.
5|8946|Hilarious! You will be surprised! Don't know why this movie didn't do better at the box office, it's a constant howler! Intelligent and totally goofy at the same time. The actor from the TV show Just Shoot Me absolutely killed me! It's really a must-see comedy.
1|11411|I waited for the funny parts that never came. There is another 'Cheaper by the Dozen' movie that is one of the old classics that was based on the life of the Frank Gilbreth family. It cannot be duplicated and is absolutely nothing like the new one. I promise if you want to see one of the best and funniest of the old classics this is a must see. Clifton Webb starred as the father.
1|20814|Oh my god. This piece of crud was the most overhyped and overated thing I ever seen. Renee Zellwegger needs to leave the singing business. The music score was terrible. Catherine Zeta Jones can not dance or sing at all. She needs to stick to speaking roles. As for Queen Latifah, She was well in her role, but she's the only good thing that happened to this movie. Seriously, none of the characters are likable. Roxie Heart is as pretty as a donkey's vas deferens and as talented at singing as a screeching bat. 
1|2044|This movie sucked big time. It was overrated and critics hyped it up too much. Wasn't scary at all and I was able to predict all the supposed scary parts.
5|1962|OK pre-WWII film noir flick staring Jack Nicholson as a hard-boiled private eye getting in way over his head.
1|17060|A lot that I just didn't need here. A little of what the movie needed here. Those rebels on the beach tore the script, or smoked a lot of the weed on the island. (Actually, that's a certainty.)
5|15380|This movie is brilliant, possibly the best I've ever seen. It is a heartwarming story about inter- racial relationships, and overcoming tragic losses to become what you have always dreamed of becoming. Julia Stiles Sean Patrick Thomas are jammin'. They portray their characters so well, and are obviously very talented in both acting and dance. The story is well wrote, giving great depth on what really goes on in the real America, outside the glossy Hollywood. Well done Thomas Carter, a brilliant movie. Well done also to the writer(s), and all actors, especially Julia Sean! Absoloutly Brilliant! PS. Sean is a real sizzler, and just for the record I am not Afican American. 
5|16851|Caught the movie last night. It seems that the critics were right on only ONE thing - that there wasn't enough development of Cole's relationship with any of the ranch family. It was like watching an accelerated version of the book. Matt Damon and Henry Thomas were exceptional, and whoever was cast as The Captain - BRAVO! He gave me the willies just like in the book. Saw it with friends who hadn't read the book and they really liked it, too...
5|17597|Outstanding! One of my favorate movies of all time!
5|546|EXCELLENT Movie..one of my all time favorites. This movie had everything..great actors, an incredible script, perfect soundtrack. One of those movies that you have no doubt these people actually exist, you forget they are acting..and throughout all of the craziness, for some odd, unknown reason, you want to be a part of this crazy life! Why is that?..same with the Godfather! The ending was incredible..and the music along with the montage-perfect.
1|12118|Possibly the worst piece of crap ever made. Some of Adam Sandler's movies are funny, such as Happy Gilmore and Big Daddy, but this movie was ridiculous.
5|16306|This movie for sure was not for entertainment purposes. I think Mel Gibson is Awesome for making this movie despite what people were saying. This movie is such a reminder of what Christ did on the cross for all of us. Great Movie.
5|19035|I thoroughly enjoyed this movie and was thrilled at the plot twists.
5|7644|One of my favorites. When I was younger I could watch this movie over and over. I haven't seen it in years but just thinking about it gives me good nostalgia. Michael Keaton was great. Contrast this character he played against the character Batman and you realize what a different sort of guy he is. I loved all the scenes when Barbara and Adam are in that waiting room there to see Juno. Some funny stuff in there. The guy with the teeny tiny little head, the swimmer with the shark eating half his body, the guy with the bone in his throat (actually that one looked pretty disgusting) and the rest. The animation was cool too. Good movie.
1|10280|Coyote Ugly has no plot. The storyline is as skimpy as the costumes the women at the bar wear. It's a poor attempt at a remake of Flashdance and its major audience seems to be LONELY LONELY teenage boys with no access to porn.
5|1235|This movie has become the basis of comparison for all movies I've seen since. Absolutely king in all areas it tries at: style, dark humor, original filmmaking, dialogue, and action. A++
5|14511|An exceptional movie. After all of the lukewarm comments on this page, I didn't have very high expectations for this film. What Cast Away delivered was a phenomenal performance by Tom Hanks, a couple of chilling action scenes, and a very un-Hollywood ending. The storyline of a man stripped of everything but his survival instincts pitted against the awesome and unpredictable power of nature is a powerful one. If you haven't gotten around to seeing this movie because of all the hype / mixed press it received, you should wait no longer - Cast Away is a real winner.
5|1553|A beautiful noir film. You're girlfriend will love you for Russel Crowe. You'll love it for the bad guys, with an engaging story and spirited performances, L.A. Confidential will grip you.
5|14277|One of my favorite films.
5|15169|I gave Jerry Maguire a 5 because it's such a great movie. Tom Cruise does so well in it. He is such a great actor. Also the plot of the movie is good because it is based on true life events. It also has a really good storyline.
1|11820|Just too sad.
5|977|One of the best war films ever made.
5|5735|This is a great movie! and it is a good representation of it's time.
5|10011|Funny movie all around. It's kinda weird to see Professor McGonagall from the Harry Potter flicks as a nun! Great musical interpetation of MY GUY by the nun's choir. Rather than making fun of religion, I think it shows that religion can be a fun thing, and there is nothing wrong with that!!
5|963|Jaws is, of course, a classic which everyone should see and enjoy. One of the first movies who used such high technology for that day. After the country saw Jaws, people were actually afraid to swim in the oceans again.
5|5721|When I finished reading Gone with The Wind I was devestated that it was over. I immediately flipped back to the beginning to remember 'how it used to be'. I was only 14. The movie carried me away once again! It was fate that cast Vivien Leigh as Scarlet, and who else but Clark Gable could have been Rhett Butler?! I felt like shaking Scarlet and yelling, 'it's Rhett you love, can't you see that? HE'S the one! Don't let him go! 'Frankly my dear, I don't give a damn!' is one of the best parting lines written.
5|6228|Excellent. Bonnie and Clyde is a movie set in the depression era where the two main characters, Clyde Barrow (Warren Beatty) and Bonnie Parker (Faye Dunaway), rob banks amdist the dreariness and despair of the 1930s. Wanting to escape her job as a waitress in a cafe, Bonnie teams up with Clyde and together they become a crime duo. Along the way, Clyde and Bonnie adds a gas bar attendant and Clyde's brother Buck and his wife Blanche to their crime team. Not really intending to harm or kill anyone, their crime spree takes a violent turn when they become wanted for murdering a bank clerk in a botched robbery. Bonnie and Clyde are then not only wanted robbers on the run but are wanted murderers as well. There's lots of shooting and I found the conlusion to be jolting and unexpected. Bonnie and Clyde is truly a classic as it gives viewers some insight into the desperation experienced by those who lived throughout the great depression and what some people were willing to do to escape it.
5|1547|The perfect modern film-noir. Screenplay, direction, casting, acting, cinematography were all excellent! It all comes together and of course has many surprises in store for the viewer. Much, much more than a glitzy remake of a 1950's detective story as it begins to appear at first.
5|7136|One the best parodies I have ever had the joy of watching - several dozen times! So many hilarious and memorable lines - just thinking about them cracks me up. The entire cast is excellent but Clevon Little, Gene Wilder and Madeline Kahn are priceless. There are too many great parts in this movie to actually say I have a favorite. I just start laughing at I get no kick from Champagne and don't stop until Clevon and Gene drive off into the sunset. Some of the greatest comic therapy available!
5|7888|A true cult classic! One of the funniest movies of all time and certainly one of the cleaverest. It stands up to repeated viewings and the jokes never wear out. Without being demeaning, it uses endearing characters to make a skewering social commentary on various aspects of the rock and roll industry.
1|22540|Holy Hollywood Hell! I love Tim Burton's work when it suits his mindset, but this was all wrong. And Michael Keaton! Like casting John Wayne as Attila the Hun. And will somebody shoot Robert Wuhl, please?
5|3436|I have recently seen pearl Harbour and i enjoyed the whole movie.The attack on Pearl Harbour was thought out very well by the Japanese.A day never to be forgotten.
5|19021| Tell it to call you Billie 
5|4359|Awesome! Has script and dialog so well executed, that children and adults will view the same scene and burst out laughing for totally different reasons. The song scene with the Disneyish Blue Bird still kills me! The film is clever, message driven and can be enjoyed on many different levels. Hum! Maybe like an onion ! Just go and ENJOY! 
5|15633|An awesome movie. I thought Jude Law and Nicole Kidman were great. Even though I'm not a fan of Renee Zellwegger I thought she did really good on her role. Even though I think Nicole Kidman totally pops, I don't think she should win Best Actress because there wasn't much intelligent/incredible acting she could of done in that movie.
5|1209|tarantino is unique when it comes to his movies. he casts those that are perfect for their roles and you could never imagine anyone else playing the part. this gave john travolta a comeback that was never expected to happen and it showed how much talent and ability to play other parts
5|13242|Love, sentiment, change...this movie has it all
5|9655|I love this movie to death! I know all the lines and I guess it's because I love Jim Carrey. He's brilliant in this movie, as well as, Jeff Daniels. The story is unique and original and thge classic humour is fantastic, e.g. Pedi he's dead! Oh man i'm sorry Harry what happened? His head fell off! Yeah he was pretty old! It's a crazy, insane movie that will leave you in stitches. If you're not a great fan of Jim carrey I would say avoid this! If you're nutty and looking for a bit of fun, definately worth a watch!!
5|2700|Great movie. A lot of action, different from other Rambo shooting movies. If you like cars, you'll love this movie. Very funny.
5|96|Awesome movie. Anthony Hopkins has the ability to scare anyone!
5|18317|I had nighmares for a year after this one!
5|20688|Some people call it corny or saccharine -- I disagree.Remember that the movie was made almost 40 years ago, a time when it wasn't a crime for a movie to have a happy ending. The story of a nun sent to be a governess for the captain's children only to end up marrying him and escaping from the Nazis sounds like a plot too improbable for the critics -- but the plot is true! I know that, although I like it very much myself, the music is not to everyone's taste, but what music is? All in all, although it's not my favourite movie, it's certainly in my personal top ten.
1|6791|Monty Python is boring. Just another famouse name which is meant to make me think 'This is going to be a good movie.'
5|21596|This is the best movie of the century. I love it..everything about it is good. It should have won an oscar..Peter Jackson aswell. Well, better luck next time. By the way: this is a terrific movie..if you haven't seen it yet..then do it. =)
5|11455|Good characters, good story, and at least one catchphrase that I catch myself using. (write that down)
5|20850|Cabaret is a classic and stands as one of the first overtly political musicals of all time. Liza Minelli is perfectly irritating as a sexy? English girl who has escaped to work as a call girl/performer in Berlin. Minelli's star persona and acting style combine to yield a personality that's too fun to resist but still somehow repugnant. Joel Gray is at his best in the queer role of eMcee with Bob Fosse handling choreography in his patented use of subtlety to evoke exciting sex. And for those of you visiting or living in New York, there's an ass kicking revival of the play on Broadway directed by Sam Mendes from American Beauty playing now.
1|1940|Not near as disgusting as alot of people told me prior to watching it. They made it sound like a movie that had to be seen, it was just that gross. I thought it was one of the worst B-rated movies of that year...and I still wished I wouldn't have watched it. Pure cinema torture...not ONE actor did a good job...should have been shelved...HORRID !
5|793|overated but awsome movie thrilling and intense
5|5709|Had this movie not had such a charming cast, rousing score or any mass appeal, I don't think it would be the movie it is today. Personally, while I do like it very much and think it is deserving of a four star rating, GONE WITH THE WIND, I wasn't too impressed with it. The first half is spectacular, while the second half moves slower than a car in the middle of rush hour. Still, it is a great film, somewhat deserving of it's praise.
1|21707|i must be only one who reallly hates all Lord of the Rings movies
5|9133|This show is great! Remember when the nose got flattened?
5|15155|I have to give this movie a five because I think Cameron Crowe has such a talent for portraying reality with such entertainment. I really appreciate Crowe's dedication to character development (something often sorely lacking in today's movies), his meticulous attention to casting actors that fit the part, and overall his natural talent for depth. With most movies, there's the hero, who's usually flawless for the most part, the supporting characters and the villains. Usually I'll only like/appreciate one or two of them, but in Jerry Maguire I just fell in love with everybody.
1|20419|Bad movie with bad characters. I guess they were tired with the angry black man character and decided to go with the angry wiccan. There was no blair witch it was the brain dead tourists that killed those people and for some reason they're all too dumb to remember anything. Don't think of it as having the ending ruined. Think of it as having two hours of your life saved.
1|18186|BAD BAD BAD THIS SUCKED NOT A CLASSIC A PIECE OF CRAP
5|22935|Not for the faint hearted, but perhaps the best portrayal of modern-societal trends and undertones. Is our world so different from Kubrick's? Very scary, in a contemplative way.
5|6214|It will make you want to learn to play the zither. See it and understand. You cannot go wrong with this classic! 
5|13530|This movie is so amazing it should be deemed illegal. It shows that the family living suburbia with the mercedes benz and the nice house and the lovely rose garden still isn't perfect inside. This movie takes it all to another level and makes the family so abnormal that it makes the Aadams family look like the Waltons. The catch phrase means more than what you are watching in the movie (the catch phrase is look closer for those of you who don't know). It means when you go home, when you out, when you somebody, something, look closer. There is probably more to them than meets the eye. This movie is a remarkable achievement, and I am happy that so many people saw the beauty in it that i did. To enjoy the movie more, try watching it really late at night. It becomes so much more over whelming. I recomend this movie to every one. If you don't like it, it's still entertaining in it's own twisted way.
5|15141| The Piano is a very haunting film. The story line is so moving and original, that it is a triumph! The acting is first rate, and the art directing, musical score and directing from Jane Campion is a thing of beauty! For anyone that complains that hollywood doesn't make good films anymore, you should see this!
1|11808|One of the most crapy films i have ever seen. the only reason i watched it was because there was nothing else on and i regret it 
5|8239|One of the greatest comedies of all time. And Jamie Lee Curtis is stunning.
5|4403|I loved this cute, funny, adventurous movie. The first one as well is one of my favorite family films. I think my favorite character this time around was Puss-N-Boots! What a riot he was. One of the best scenes was when he made that cute helpless face where his eyes got all big and he put his ears back. LOL THe whole audience said AWWWWWWW... when he did that. Antonio Banderas was really good as his voice. The Fairy Godmother was intriguing too. I was really amazed at how realistic their facial expressions were, especially hers. And that arrogant Prince Charming was alright. Donkey was his usual self. This was cute... ;-)
5|18465|I got scared witless! I kept thinking I was going to get killed by some masked looney after watching it! I nearly threw up when i watched it the first time because I was eating chips and ketchup!
1|14970|scandalous treatment of history. this movie is a fraud.
5|10039|Hilarous and funny KICK ACE MOVIE LOVE IT!
1|13979|Filled with so many profanities, it has no use at all.
5|18303|THE SCARRIEST MOVIE THAT I'VE EVER SEEN!! I HAD NIGHTMARES FOR DAYS THE FIRST TIME I SAW THE FIRST MOVIE!!! I STILL CAN'T REALLY WATCH THE WHOLE MOVIE IN ONE SITTING!!
5|82|All the praise Anthony Hopkins got was deserved. He somehow manages to be menacing even though he is behind a wall of plexiglass. Jodie Foster is very good as the ambitious FBI agent, who uses and gets used by a devious serial killer.
5|21582|Superlative piece of art.
5|20844|First truly gay positive film to hit the mainstream - as in the first film that didn't depict gays as evil or tragic.
5|4365|Another all-time "good bad" movie that's fun for any age. The main plot trigger is far-fetched (piracy along the Oregon coast?), but you're not watching it with an historical treatise in mind, anyway. This is one to plop down onto a recliner with (snuggled under a blanket with some popcorn on a cold, nothing day) and take in unfettered. Great names associated with the production (Spielberg and Chris Columbus), and a raft of 80s actors (Corey Feldman, Kerri Green, LOTR's Sean Astin, Ke Huy Quan, the inimitable John Matuszak, Anne Ramsey, Martha Plimpton, etc.) that you can't help but cheer for. FANTASTIC sets and locations (hardly anything prettier than Astoria), non-stop action (virtually free of all that rubbery CGI), and pratfalls and guffaws that translate well 20 years later. If you can't find something to like about this screen fave, you're just not trying very hard. Good enough!
1|16801|I think I'm still suffering insulin shock from this sacchrine nonsense.
5|9899|This movie is one of the best movies i have ever seen.It is really funny.But don't let your litle kids watch it there is some disgusting parts but overall thismovie rocks.
1|3825|Yea, this movie sucks. Directed by the same fool who got Jolie naked for the disastorous HBO film Gia comes a new film travisty which flonts the talents of an incredible actress and sheds her of clothes. Yeah, this movie was bad. But, one star above Tomb Raider!!!
5|6572|I love this movie.
5|9641|one of the funniest movies ever made, one of the few movies you can watch 37 thousand times and still laugh at every great scene.
5|13256|Excellent movie. Tom Cruise and the actor playing Ray worked so well together making this movie. The film draws in the attention of the viewer as well as the viewer's sense of compassion for the characters. The sensitive side of a hard working strong man is brought out by the loveable character, Ray, his brother.
5|6599|i both loved and hated this movie. it really was the beginning of modern hollywood. the detail was remarkable: makeup, costumes, sound, fake backgrounds. everything was so detailed and controlled. and it had a believable and historic plot. i also liked the obvious homo-erotic twist of the adoring kid. the director was clearly gay, that tough guy hollywood was based on this is a true irony. i hated it because it set the pace for sentimental crap that now prevails from hollywood. i am very glad to see the kevin costner reference, it is so true. 
5|15814|This movie was very well done, for once a movie outdid the book it was based on! I saw the movie first, than I was dying to read the book. However, the books characters are too onesided and unreal. Whoever translated this into a screenplay did a wonderful job saving it!
5|7687|Austin Powers friggin rocks !!! oh,behave!!!!!! yeah baby yeah!!!!!
1|20380|One of the worst movies ever made why did the dolls have sex that was just plain stupid and this movie wasnt even scary
5|9872|I laughed out loud more often than in any movie I've seen in years. I plan to buy this one.
5|22060|this has got 2 b the greatest sci-fi movie ever made ! it covers sci-fi, horror, action, comedy with such an amazing cast, dialog, and the directon is superior. If u have never seen this movie, rush 2 the video store and get it now ! What are u waiting for ? GO....Now
5|21569|I never thought Peter Jackson would be this succesful in bringing this book to the big screen
1|23689|Lame, flat rip-off of Aliens and other much better bug-eyed monster flicks, and a complete waste of an intriguing concept -- monsters in the darkness, in the most literal sense.
5|20677|Fantastic scenery and vocals for the time. A beautiful movie. Back in the day when clean (you know boring) and happy endings (no heads flying off with viens dangling out...) were in. Kinda miss those days sometime. 
5|69|Raiders had a real life hero, real time and place settings, and threw in a little bit of otherwordly magic and actually made it all seem possible. Plus, there were unforgettable one liners.
5|2099|Old movie but it was on cable TV the other night, and my family watched it again. Another one of the classic kind of movies. Nice plot, with some surprises. Had enough action.
5|17965|Hands down the most horrifying and convincing movie of all time. The acting was superb by both the mother and daughter. The topic was realistic and the characters really brought it to life. That and it's just plain scary. Why is Sixth Sense above it again?
5|3387|This picture makes you realize that there are secret societies going on in college. Very good movie.
1|18179|January 15, 2004. I saw the first trailer for the Dawn of the Dead remake. I asked my father about. He said, Yeah. It's an old zombie movie made in the 70s. Later, I figured out that it was The greatest zombie movie ever. March 14, 2004, I saw it. It was the stupidest thing I had ever seen(and i've seen House of the Dead). Terrible acting. Unrealistic zombies. No action. Pointless. No where near as good as the remake. This movie sucked. Almost all of Romero's movies suck. Night of the Living Dead, Dawn of the Dead, and a couple of non-zombie movies he did. They all sucked. Do not watch this movie. 
5|24377|great movie, didn't love the idea for Jason's character to die in pain, like he did....I give Jason a number one performance in this movie....
5|23418|Suprisingly funny movie!
5|12809|Interesting for adults and acceptable for the whole family. Well narrated and I know have a profound respect for these birds!!!
5|20105|I appreciated the uniqueness in which this movie was made with the bare minimum of funds. They used their very weakness as financially poor producers to reveal an authentic manner of capturing a mystery that plagues the psyche of one small town to this day.
5|2933|This movie was really good. The scenes felt real. I am now afraid to go fishing in the ocean. It was touching at the end when the Eulogy was given to the crew of the ship.
5|20663|This movie was great because it's just fun to watch and young Travolta looks great.
1|11149|Manages to make the first two, (which are so bad they make my teeth hurt) look like great art.
1|19515|My son saw this movie on Friday, and says it's not worth the money.
5|15800|My Ex girlfriend use to watch this like 5 times a day, I couldn't understand so I watched it and it's such a good movie. One of my favorites.
1|16626|This movie states that after a Jewish contestant there would be a Christian contestant who would do better 2% of America is Jewish, therefore the odds are 50-1 in favor of the next contestant would not being Jewish, all things being equal the odds are even that the next non-Jewish contestant would do better What goof is trying to imply anti-semitism??? 
1|20394|I hate saying it, but not even Snoop Dogg and is great personality could save this sad, sorry, tired piece of trash. So fast paced it's rushed, so poorly written it reads like a Dick and Jane book. Characters so thin they are translucent. Blood so orange it looks like buffalo wing sauce. You cannot help but not feel for any character in this film they are so run of the cheese mill. Snoop is fun to watch but gave a much better performance in the recent film, Training Day, which showcased a more talented side. This is just Snoop having fun with the little he is givin. Jimmy Bones comes back seeking vengence against those who betrayed him years past. He comes back and kills them all in fifteen, maybe twenty minutes. No build up. No suspence. No one cares. He then wants to continue lovin his girl played by Pam Grier and start a relationship with his daughter of which he never had a chance to meet because he got killed. Lame as hell and just plain bad, Bones should crawl up and be put back in it's grave. Poor ol, Snoop.
5|9866|I LOVE IT! i can't wait for the sequel
5|22074|This was a fascinating and deep movie on many levels.Very symbolic and well done....Too bad the sequels are worthless,stupid,vapid commercials for video games,devoid of any substance at all.
5|10950|A terrifically cute throwback to the 60's sex comedies. Ewan McGregor and Renee Zellweger are utterly charming, both pulling in their usual great performances. This film recreates the era with such fun and such joy. Also worth noting is David Hyde Pierce's wildly funny supporting performance. Great sets and costumes, hilarious jokes , and terrific actors make this a genuinely lighthearted flick worth watching.
5|21555|Best of the three by far. Absolutely beautiful photography, lovely story, and I like that he put Arwen on the horse in the river, even though that wasn't in the book.
5|11496|Ben Stiller's best movie I think, I like it because it is so stupid and it relly makes fun of the fashion industry which in itself is a big joke. There are a lot of celebrity cameos as well. its funny because the guy has the same face for every single modelling shoot, and then the face he has been working on for years is also the same pose!! ben stiller's entire family works on the film (wife, dad, and mom) and i had to have laughed the entire way through, every time i watch it!
5|10788|will ferrell was very funny I liked it alot it was a very funny movie.
5|55|This classic action flick would be the best of all time if it were not for it's follower- The Last Crusade. It stars Harrison Ford and Karen Allen ( who is at her sexiest ) in the quest for the Ark of the Covenant. Special effects are superb, the story line is marvelous and the action and suspense are taut. Go rent it immediately.
5|23342|Released over a half-century ago (1951), this film was prophetically realistic.
5|9696|This is a hoot--puncturing the righteous folk music fad. I suppose most of you don't remember the folk music craze of the 1950's and 1960's. Lucky you! Lots of scrubbed up and later scruffy music cranks strummed and hummed and bummed their way around the country warbling about oppression and recession and depression and regression and obsession, ad naseum. This movie skewers the Kingston Trio, Ian and Sylvian and others. It is great fun. (I have an admission to make. I rather liked the folk era!) 
1|18145|Just stupid.
1|16168|Originally I wasn't even going to rate this stinker. But I feel the mass must know what a horrible job littly boy Leo did. Horrible movie !
5|23424|Futuristic, but still realistic. Good actors that feed off each others energy. The movie has a complex plot that is easy to follow.
5|12821|Really, really cool. This was a great documentary. It used direct quotes from the awesome book and interviewed the climbers who wrote it. It actually took you up the mountain and showed yout the void. It kept me entertained the entire time. Comes highly recommended.
1|15461|Incest and Abortion. Need I say more? This movie left me with a sick feeling in my gut. Not at all how the previews portrayed it. Should have read some reviews before I went and saw it.
5|17959|What a powerful film. The handeling of this very strong religiouse subject matter was done with impecable taste. This movie takes its self seriously through and through. A believable modern fable of love,possesion,faith and loss of,family,the horrors that dwell deep within each and every one of us. This movie will chill even the most unchillable to the core. This isn't the kind of scary most teeny boppers are used to. To tell you the truth it might and quit probably wouldn't scare them at all. This is a horror movie for those of us who take the time to feel. To realize how completely vulnerable we actually are. DO NOT SEE THE NEW VERSION ! Make sure to see the original version with the good ending. The ending that fits. That leaves it up to the audience to decide if evil concord good or if it is the other way around? THE horror classic. If only our horror directors today would take a viewing of this, sit back and realize the storytelling,character developement and atmosphere make great movies not blood, guts, tits and ass. HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. IF YOU ARE A TRUE HORROR FAN OR MOVIE FAN IN GENERAL AND HAVEN'T SEEN THIS TRUELY REMARKABLE FILM DO YOURSELF A FAVOR! SEE IT!
5|5912|One of Hitchcock's most influential and perspective altering movies; truly showed the emotional power of the moving image
5|744|A captivating glimpse at American history during the time of the French and Indian war. Daniel Day Lewis gives a wonderful performance as a courageous white man raised by Indians. A very compelling adventure.
5|17795|I saw on Good Morning America several years ago that part of this movie is based on real events. The guy who killed his family with an axe actually happened in a similar isolated hotel I guess because of cabin fever. Very scary film.
1|360|THE RATING SAYS ENOUGH
5|5906|Alfred Hitchcock is a genious. An undeniable genious. To all the people unfamiliar with his work and wondering why he is hailed as such should just watch this movie and they will understand. The last scene so stirred me-The way Hitchcock blended the ironicies of good and evil was purely brilliant. When the nun emerged from the stairs into the darkness, she appeared an evil, ominious being only to come into the light-a symbol of rightiousness and good-and have to deal with death that she inadvertantly caused..wow. The rest of the movie was subtley crafted to be gloriously unsettling as well; it's defiently near the top of my favoritie Hitchock movies.
5|15182|Jerry McGuire inspires people to do the right thing and to stick with your instincts. Also a great love story
1|21908|I'LL BE BACK and it gets boring and boring, though it's pretty classic because of the classic arnold in uniform, at least I like the GNR soundtrack of it. watching it once would be enough.
5|23430|One of my all time favorite movies. The story was nothing like anything else out there. Who ever picked the music did a real good job. The soundtrack is great.
1|11613|To be honest, I haven't actually seen it. But I have read reviews saying that they modernized it (e. g. Gwendolyn gets a tattoo) and ommited many of the funny parts of the play. I loved the play, thought it was extremely clever, funny and witty, and I consider Oscar Wilde a comic genius for it. But this new movie version apparently is a disgrace to the play and I don't intend to see it! ):0(
5|12835|awesome...very funny
5|7877|I loved this movie the first I saw it. I had to buy it.
5|13295|Actually the best movie and I have seen alot.I have nightmares from the first 25-30 minutes.
5|22048|a great movie to scare the crap out of anyone. 
5|10944|This is the best movie Paul Sisson has ever seen. Klitz is the man!
5|11482|The BEST. Very hilarious. Nice light comedy, not vulgar. There was always something going on to keep my attention. I've seen it 3 times! Hoping to go 4 more!!!! GO SEE IT! or will you miss out!!!
5|41|The first and probobly the best of the INDY Trilogy, I could watch it over and over. The whole trilogy is spectacular (Temple of Doom is my least favorite, however) and the character of Indiana Jones is a real person, portrayed perfectly by the classic Harrison Ford. The general Ideas in this movie make it wonderful, and although the special affects are not exactly up to par with the 2003 stuff, they are still very good, esspecially for the time when it was made. plus, the one-liners are great.
5|20918|GREAT MOVIE... THE BEST ACTRESS IS IN IT AND SHE DID A FANTASTIC JOB! AWESOME SINGER AND DANCER!
5|16272|Spike Lee's masterpiece. Vital themes for America. Sense of inevibility builds at the end for the race riot that resolves nothing.
5|2648|Good Advice!
5|1341|Great movie!
5|14465|One of my favorite films, this is based on the life of director Cameron Crowe during his days as a teenaged journalist for Rolling Stone. Patrick Fugit plays the main character with fresh-faced youth and vulnerability. His journey to adulthood as he travels with a rock band is compelling and wildly entertaining. Kate Hudson plays the groupie with a heart charmingly and the rest of the cast is terrific. A huge plus of this film is its wonderful soundtrack filled with great, classic rock. I just can't stop raving about this movie.
5|8403|Love the whole series. I'm a sucker for this kind of humor.
5|7056|Ferris Bueler's Day Off remains in my top 10 movie picks of all time! It's been on the list since the First time I saw it!!
5|14303|I first saw this film when my partner brought back a pirate copy from Khazackstan for my 19th and I loved it. At the beginning I thought I was imagining things when an image of Brad Pitt is imposed onto a frame in the film about 3 times. Very clever, you can see the insominia is building up with the main character. It is a very intresting concept and acted out very well.
5|5641|This remains my all-time favorite movie! I can never get tired of watching it. Of course, it's an excellent movie. Anything Hitchcock puts his hands on is a sure-fire masterpiece!
1|12285|this is a ZERO, period....no further comment, exxcept i have a bridge in brooklyn for the producer who fell for this pathetic carcature of a script...
5|5899|Alfred Hitchcock made many a great film, but if you are looking for the deepest example of his own artistic expression and personal fetishes, Vertigo is the film to see. The film is very mysterious and other-worldly. You almost feel as if you are in a dream. The vibrant colors are at once soothing but can be uneasy and, at times downright cruel. The ghosts and spirits of Alfred Hitchcock's dreams are displayed with startling perfection, in this one of the most important works of the cinema.
5|19627|This is one my favorite movies. It has everything, comedy, romance, gore, drama. Shaun and Ed are so likeable you can't help but be amused by them. This cant be classified as pure horror though.
5|5655|Bogart and Hepburn battle for survival against the sweep of a broader, encompassing world war. Hepburn's character is perfectly in-tune with the situation, which may be unappreciated by younger viewers who do not understand that people were often that way in reality. Bogart is crusty to perfection, only learning reluctantly that Hepburn can make a real contribution to his chances of survival and his life.
5|10171|I have been obsessed with this movie since it came out when I was in 7th grade. It took me 20 times watching it to figure out the hip lingo and I even counted Cher's outfits:42!
1|12291|Another Tom Green movie that I will never see. Who watches this crap and why do the studios keep giving people money to make movies with Tom Green. The local paper also gave this one no stars and if I could I would. Note to Hollywood send Tom back to Canada.
5|16500|I give this film five stars mainly for the acting (especially on the part of the wonderfully talented young Leo DiCaprio) and the art direction. The two young leads are so alive and their passion for one another seems so real. Watch out for the two young lead actors because they are the ones that truly make this film what it is.
1|24723|Badly written, poorly filmed, dreadfully acted hogwash.
5|7042|Was a Classic the moment it was released.
5|1433|Until last night, the only time I had seen this movie was in my 11th grade English so that we could write an essay comparing it to Conrad's Heart of Darkness. It's really difficult to get a sense of a movie in 45 minute pieces. Boy, am I glad I took a second look. This movie is wonderful. Narrated incredibly by Martin Sheen, the movie follows his character, Capt. Willard, as he goes further and further up the river into the jungles of Vietnam to terminate with extreme prejudice Kurtz a former military hero who has gone crazy. With tremendous performances by the entire cast, notably Sheen and Robert Duvall, Apocalypse Now allows us to see the many horrors of Vietnam and how the men who went there were changed forever. You definitely have to be in the right mood to watch this movie, but if you haven't seen it, make sure you rent it. The vivid pictures and wonderful camera shots created by Coppola and the great acting will make it worthwhile.
5|13478|Just as good as the book The Body. River Phoenix shined in this classic. Rob Reiner did an excellent job of directing in this epic on an adventure, set out to find the body of a missing preteen boy.
1|4964|I want to say I enjoyed but I didn't it. Nearly fell asleep. I'm surprised I didn't. I was disappointd and I don't think this film has anything good about it. Unless your a 3D film fan, try to avoid. Summary: A BORING, STUPID FILM THAT DOESN'T HAVE MUCH GOOD ABOUT IT. 
5|9709|Hilarious! Will Smith and Kevin James worked surprisingly well together, and Eva Mendes is smart and sexy. Even Amber Valetta is better than the average model turned actress. Also look for Julie Ann Emery in a small but funny role as Eva's friend. Yeah, it gets a little sappy at times, but just when you start to reach for the Pepto Bismol Smith's face swells from an allergic reaction or there is some silly dancing. Not your average romantic comedy, and most definately worth a look.
5|14471|I love this movie it was everything i ever wanted out of a movie, it had comedy,romance,drama, and a light sence to it that made you want to be in it. Kate Hudson i though never could act, but in this movie her smile and inocence made me think wow. I loved everyone on this movie, even if yo werent supose to, it was just so amazing.
5|19155|Pure action. The best vampire movie ever. Action, love, supense, and very original. Could have been a team called Blade.
5|13336|Outstanding film. It gives an amazing portrayal of war and Tom Hanks deserves an Oscar for it. It's about time WWII veterans were remembered in an incredible film like this.
5|14459|Hoosiers is one of the best sports movies of all time. Based on a true story, it shows what can be accomplished if you work hard and believe in yourself and those around you. If it weren't based on a true story, you would almost think it is too unbelievable. Yet, that is what makes it so special. The actor who plays star player Jimmy Chitwood is great. Through very few words, he portrays the embodiment of the hopes of Indiana basketball. Gene Hackman and Dennis Hopper are perfectly cast, as well. If you're looking to get pumped up before a big game, big night out, or an important meeting or interview, Hoosiers is the perfect choice.
1|16961|Right down there as one of my least favourite films alongside Gosford Park, Crouching Tiger.. and Mulholland Drive and like those, a pretentious load of cack with a wafer thin storyline and even thinner characters. Tom Cruise's worst film to date and that's saying something. At least films like Godzilla make no pretence to being anything intellectually stimulating. In a word..it's b*llocks.
5|12028|What's my tatoo say? Dude... No tell me what it says! DUDE! WHAT's mine say? Sweet What does it say? SWEET DUDE! SWEET DUDE SWEET
5|4205|This movie is perfect. Great animation, funny, yet dramatic at the same time. Let me change that funny above to histerical . Even though its animation, the two main characters (Mike and Sully) play off of each other perfectly.
5|181|bayst
5|2674|HELL YEAH! this movie was soo good! i thought everyone that played in it looked and acted good. it was like jumpy, funny,action like all at the same time. nicholas cage is sooo hot in the movie!
5|18505|This movie revolutionized the level at which a scary movie can be defined as successful. It made over $150 million at the box office and and scored great reviews. I really enjoyed it because it kept me guessing.
5|17636|I truly believe that this is THE greatest giant monster movie ever made, second only to KING KONG. However, upon close comparison between this (the Japanese version) and KING KONG, it becomes quite obvious that both are completely different kind of films. KING KONG is, in traditional Hollywood fashion, shot as an entertainment piece, while GODZILLA, under close scrutiny is a testimony. A testimony made by the Japanese, the only people who have a right to depict the horrible devastation of nuclear disaster. It is that fact alone that fascinates us. It is that fact, as well as the endurability of the character that we all love. But of course, we must not forget the efforts given by the films master dream-weavers. Tomuyuki Tanaka provided the concept while Ishiro Honda, arguably the greatest director of science fiction and fantasy makes radiation visible. Eiji Tsuburaya's effects are excellent for their time although they do hold up quite well today. Akira Ifukube's score is entirely evocative of the horrors of war and the devastation it causes. And there is Godzilla, one of the most recognizable movie characters of all-time. He emerges as a symbol of Japan's most inner-fears, while at the same time is a very versatile character that has become a pop-artifact. I love this movie and would place it without hesitation among the greatest of all motion pictures.
5|21384|The best of the series. No long intros, jump right in. It kept the swashbuckler spirit yet elevated the story to timeless myth.
5|4563|If you are not too jaded to enter the spirit of this movie, you will find it to be a flawless tale of love, loyalty, and understanding. It is not only heartfelt and smart, it is very entertaining and funny. Technically brilliant. If you don't choke up when they lead Babe's mom off to slaughter, you should check into get a heart inserted; there may be a discount for first-time users.
5|15021|It was movie that made you think about how much society hasn't changed and how labels are still put on people. Also how that system takes control and tells you that you have to change to be acceptable. I haven't read the book yet but the movie was awesome and i loved it.
5|12996|This movie is suspenseful and mind probing
5|22855|Very good and actually better than the first one. Way more action and a lot more depth to the story. If you are a fan of the comics you will get a lot out this. Fun movie and a must see.
5|6374|Audrey Hepburn is one of the best actresses ever and this, her first movie, certainly doesn't disprove that. She is electrifying with Gregory Peck and the scenes with them are charming and funny. The ending is perfect and none other would have done as good.
5|9047|Very funny movie. A success to Spade and Farley.
5|15035|This movie was excellent. U realize that some people who have commented on it think otherwise, however it is due in part because they have no clear understanding of what a borderline really is. Who cares if Wyonna Ryder was in the movie, the fact that someone played the role of Susanna Kaysen..was all that mattered...and that she was evaluated and treated... Susanna was one of the lucky ones... she could be helped and she could go on to live a normal healthy life until some of the others,,,,We must never critized that which we do not understand... Mental Illness happens everyday... and we do not have the right to make light of it.. instead we should perhaps take a closer look and try to understand the plight of those trapped inside themselves...
5|22699|The movie stayed pretty close to the comics and the special effects were good. The ending left the story for a sequel which I will definitely see. The cast of actors was great and they did a good job portraying their characters.
5|23587|This is the best film adaptation of King Arthur, and the cinematography is superb. John Boorman directed this wonderful movie and it brings the audience in to the mystical era. The story is tragic and has its moments of folly. There are great lessons to be learned here and the story envelopes us all. Seal the letter and let it flow.
5|12982|For me the film show us how damaging prison-life is for human beings! Like in Andy Dufresne's example: He starts being a criminal in the prison! No of the character in Shawshank who get a new chance outside the prisonwall, become really free! Maybe prisonlife isn't the right way to punish human beings?
5|6360|BAD ASS! this movie has it all: music, acting, a plot, unlike most movies today. my 5th favorite movie of all time!
5|9053|I think Farley was one of the funniest guys in the world and this film proves it. The best ones always die too soon...
5|5669|Gone with the Wind is a classic epic for many reasons. The film is very well thought out, and stayed pretty close to the book ( I read somewhere that if they actually filmed every page of the book the movie would have lasted over 12 hours or so ). The thing that made this movie so delightful and legendary, is the performances made by Gable and Leigh. Though the two despised eachother in real life, there is no evidence of this in the movie. Their onscreen chemistry is wonderful, and the dialouge is classic. When the movie came out, " frankly my dear, I don't give a damn" caused and uproar. The first time "a swear word" was used in a film. Its quite funny now when you think of it, what would be said of our movies today? This movie keeps the viewer interested throughout, and if you can sit through Titanic you can certainly sit through this, 3 and a half hours goes by quickly once you become involved in the story. As any other classical film fan will tell you, movies in the "golden era" of hollywood lasted alot longer then our 1 hr and 20 minute movies we have today, that are more painful to sit through then anything. Gone with the wind is a coming of age story for our main character scarlett, and while she may be annoying at times, in the end, we see a very different woman. Gables charm and wit are another delightful aspect of the film, and De Havilands portrayal of the selfless sister is just amazing. I will be truthful about one of my dislikes in the movie, and that is the character Ashley, there are many reasons for my disliking him, his character isnt appealing in the slightest and can't seem to make up his mind what sister he truly loves. Well to sum up my review, I think this movie is legendary because of its emotional ties to the viewer, it's well acted, thoughtout, and you arent given more then is necessary to truly show what a love story is really all about. 
5|21390|THE BOMB
5|11253|SOOOO funny...i still cant get over that they had to CUDDLE in that cave!
5|4577|Like most Disney movies this one has great music and amazing animation. But The Pink Elephants scene and the Cosby kids like crows made it truly worth seeing.
5|4211|This movie was hysterical - the laughter never paused; a true work of beauty for the entire family.
5|20930|THIS DESERVES ALL YOUR STARS TIME A MILLIN. PUTTING THE MOST BEAUTIFUL AND TALENTED ACTRESS EVER AND THE MOST GORGEOUS ACTOR ON THIS EARTH TOGETHER WAS PHENOMENAL. GREAT MOVIE. NICOLE SINGS GREAT AND SO DOES EWAN!!!!
5|19169|This has to be my all time favorite horror movie. I wouldn't really call it horror as much as I would call it comedy. This movie is hilariouse. I cannot describe to you the depths of dark humor reached in this dare I say ingeniouse film. It is an un credited classic and if you ever have the chance to rent or buy this film DO IT! I gaurantee you will laugh your ass off. What keeps this film going is the great dialouge and the surprisingly good ensemble acting. This film has some of the funniest scenes and brilliant quotes to come out of a movie since Army of Darkness, HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMENDED! MORE BRAINS!!!
1|22408|I have seen vacation videos that are more interesting than this.
5|1369|Several of my guy college friends would keep Reservoir Dogs poster up on their walls. At that point I had not watched the movie. I thought that it was a typical guy movie. I found Reservoir Dogs very exiting, the images are very vivid. Especially as one guy (I think the police guy) got his ear cut off. The movie makes you get into the story, it's not just plain killing. Reservoir Dogs takes you into a roller coaster of emotions. So, this is a very intense movie. You got to watch it!!!
5|7718| laser 
5|9906|I thought the Wayans brothers were very funny. They do good movies. It was funny to me because I think it's targeted for teenage boys. I like how they made fun of a bunch of other movies.
5|22114|not my favorite but good all the same, I don't like keanu reeves but he's pretty good in this movie. overall good
1|3762|One Lame Movie!
1|16746|The storyline had a lot of gaps. For instance, Ripley's character was not completely developed. In addition, it was rather long and began to drag towards the end. It also very sad and depressing.
5|1382|What an action movie should be. Quite long but you always want to know what happens next so it is okay. Exactly the right amount of comedy , plenty of action and Tom Arnold was brilliant as the annoying sidekick to Arnie.
5|20703|I watched the Sound of Music innumerable times when I was younger. The songs are classic and scenes from the movie puts the viewers in a trance. This music movie is definitely a family movie.
1|12520|Please e-mail me with suggestions, stories, or lies to help me get out of taking my wife to see this movie. . .she's already mentioned it and I need an escape plan. HURRY!
5|3595|An excellent action movie. Carman, the Champion, did a fantastic job. TBN should make more movies like this.
5|618|This is my favorite Spacey film in that it really keeps you guessing until the end of the movie. The way the story unfolds is very unique and the character development is excellent.
5|12969|Goodness, this was certainly the absolute best movie I have ever seen. From the acting, the plot, the directing, all the way down to the sountrack, this movie was complete.
5|7095|This is a great movie! Mel brooks is a genious it is one of the best movies of all time.
5|23578|Classic - the Percival scenes are the best...
1|11983|The title says pretty much all you need to know about this waste of space called a movie ! Too long, boring, and just totally pointless...
1|7276|Good concept ruined by Rodney Dangerfield and poop jokes. Ted Knight is the only bright spot.
5|4588|I absolutely can never get enough of this movie. When I was a kid I was like obsessed with it. I always would cry though, It's very touching!
5|17805|GREAT FLICK ON SO MANY LEVELS. THE WRITING PRODUCED SOME OF THE GREAT LINES IN MOVIE HISTORY, JACK NICHOLSON WAS PHENOMENAL AS THE FATHER STRUGGLING TO KEEP A GRIP ON REALITY AND HIS SANITY, AND THE MOVIE IS JUST SCARY AS HELL WITH SO MANY MEMORABLE VISUALS I WOULDN'T KNOW WHERE TO BEGIN. HORROR FAN OR NOT THIS IS A MUST SEE.
5|5696|I try to carefully say this about this film because I realize it is not easy to characterize any of the classics in this manner: quite possibly the best American film ever written and produced.
5|20717|The King and I is great. It mixes classical pop music with an Asian flare. Again, this movie leaves you singing. The duets between the King and the teacher leave you entranced.
5|18288|This one spawned a whole lot of imitations. Freddy Kreuger was the ultimate villain as he could enter his victims nightmares with deadly consequences.At the time-this film was boldly original and quite well acted,with what were then state of the art special effects,to boot.
5|21409|The only way to enjoy Science Fiction is to remember that it's meant for kids.
1|3776|Driven...to the eject button.
5|24571|Wow, this movie sure is being hated upon! Not all movies were made to teach a deep and resounding lesson. Some were put on this earth to simply entertain and I think this movie definently accomplishes that. Yeah, a lot of guys want to get into Jane Fonda's plastic duds, but that's only because she is one kick-ass evil fighting princess. The effects are so goofy (the mathmos cracks me up every time)and the acting campy, but one has to keep in mind that not only is this a Roger Vadim film, it's also a 70's B-movie. It was ahead of it's time, still staying true to it's 70's sci-fi roots. People go into watching this movie expecting some earth shaking spectacular-of course they are going to be disapointed! But There is so much about this movie that makes it entertaining-not necessarily 'good', but entertaining. The music, the cute blind angel dude, the Black Tyrant lady that keeps calling Barbie a pretty kitty , that darn mathmos, the bird attack, the hairy man who lives in what looks to be a plastic cornucopia-how could I help but to love it? If ever I need a cheering up, I'll just pop in this movie and all again will be well with the world.
1|19461|If you're looking for a scary movie, stay away from this one. I had saw one critic rate it as The scariest movie I've seen in years , which is why I went and seen it over a couple of others I had in mind. However instead of getting scares from the movie, I got disappointment. Unless of course, your opinion of scary is movies like Scream.
5|15974|AN AMAZING story of the impact vietnam had on this country. It shows the terrible true of how One mans Experience, that changed him, his friends, and his family. Absolutly compelling;an amazing job by oliver stone. Tom Cruise was teriffic!
5|142| Put the God Damn dog in the bucket! That creepy cross dressing naked pee pee hiding man still enters my nightmares once in a while. I think this is the most frightening psychological thriller I have ever seen. Strangely, I started to like Hannibal and the demented relationship that he was creating with Agent Starling. I may be sick. But this is a classic that you can watch over again and still be freaked out.
5|17193|stupid but bs is so hot id like to suck her titties
5|21421|I will start by saying What I say here is THE ABSOLUTE TRUTH!! I have seen the original motion picture in the theaters OVER 500 times. There is a witness though I have not seen him since the release of ESB. Anyway.... This is in fact was the GREATEST motion Picture Ever made up until 1981's Empire Strikes Back. Now I am not a huge fan of Ep I, II , III looks like Mr. Lucas is reverting back to yesteryear with Story and tale telling. All those who did not care for it, I cannot fault you. IF you were not 7-12 years old when this movie first came out YOU have truly missed a great ride. Unfortunately NOW you are stuck with the likes of JAR JAR Binks.... You get the picture though... 
5|22128|Great entertainment ! This movie has just reset the standard for Sci-Fi. I can't wait for the sequel. 
1|18757|the absolute pits in horror movies. Not one good comment about this no-brainer !
1|19449|This is like a childrens storybook made into a horror movie. HAHA. how utterly pathetic!
5|23550|There were three main versions of this movie: the original 1956 classic; the equally great and extra-creepy 1978 version; and the disgusting and bad '93 version, simply called The Body Snatchers. I highly recommend the first two versions; prime cut and very effective and thought-provoking SF. The '78 version has some really great and creepy sound design, too, a wild who's who cast, and the best ending of the three.
5|12955|Tom Robbins and Morgan Freeman were great together. Two talented actors. One of the best screenplays I've ever seen.
5|13493|My favorite movie. The acting is so truthful and the characters grow so much during the span of the film. I always cry, though I've seen it 20+ times. I believe the characters are really in the situation and have truly grown closer to each other, but at the same time further apart.
1|2326|One of the biggest disappoints I have ever seen. Just another cheep rehash of a tired plot, with stupid and predictable lines.
5|9084|A classic!
5|5866|Citizen Kane is one of the all time greatest films. It introduced many new filmmaking techniques.
5|624|Kevin Spacey really got noticed in this movie as well as made it popular. The whole movie comes together in this amazingly unpredictable ending. The way the movie was told kept you completely immersed the whole time.
5|5872|Cannot avoid watching it over and over whenever it comes on TV. Captivating scenes, music background, the stars of that day and the starting Omar Sharif. This, Out of Africa, Gone with the Wind, Dances with Wolves, In Harms Way, The Longest Day, and more stand out as keepers in my book. Does anyone know the shooting/edit goof (Royale) made in Pulp Fiction? When you watch again, watch for bullet holes to appear in the wall in the scene before guns were fired that missed Samuel L. Jackson and provided his miracle. Larry in L. A. 
5|17839|This is a creepy and suspenseful movie, especially at night. It teases you when it looks like something surprising is about to happen but it doesn't. This builds up suspense. Jack Nicholson is amazing as a psycho!
5|19814|I LOVE THIS MOVIE I THINKS ITS THE BEST WEREWOLF MOVIE EVER MADE THE PLOT WAS AWSOME VERY FEW FLAWS LOTS OF BLOOD AND GORE I HIGHLY RECOMEND IT
5|630|Intriguing, especially when I think about the similarities and differences between the Marine boot camp and the Canadian military boot camp I went through. The boot camp scenes were the best part of the movie but seeing the microcosm of that unit moving through Hue City in what was one of the Marines defining moments made (please forgive the cliche) history come alive. 
5|23544|After the disappointing first feature, Spider-Man 2 comes along and smashes all expectations of it by being almost as great as it can be. As a sequel, its like The Wrath of Khan to Star Trek's Motion Picture. The special effects in the movie's creatively-inspired action sequences simply have to be seen to believed. There is also lots of great humor--running gags and references to both other Marvel comics and the original Spider-Man TV series. Kirsten Dunst is absoultely beautiful as Mary Jane Watson. And, the actor playing J. Johna Jameson has his character down perfect (and has one of the funniest sequences of the film). There's is also a great speech from Aunt May about how the world needs heroes and good guys. The cliffhanger ending guarentees a sequel, and the ending on a whole is much more optimistic and upbeat than the ending of the first film. In short, Spider-Man 2 is an incredible cinematic achievement.
5|12941|This is one of my favorite movies. I enjoy movies that I get so involved in that I forget I'm watching a movie. I felt anger when he got solitary for playing wonderful music. I felt triumph when he finally got books and money for the library. And I felt even better when he escaped.
5|22882|one of the best movies of the year
5|9090|I AM NOT THE BIGGEST FAN OF ROMANTIC COMEDIES BUT PRETTY WOMAN IS QUITE SIMPLY WONDERFULL. IT HAS A TERRIFIC CAST( RICHARD GERE AND JULIA ROBERTS ARE A ACTING TEAM MADE IN HEAVEN), A GREAT SCRIPT,BRILLIANT DIRECTION FROM GARRY MARSHALL AND ONE OF THE BEST FINALES EVER TO ANY MOVIE EVER..... I LOVE THIS FILM TO BITS.... 
5|12799|Excessive? Yes. Alarming? Most certainly. Funny? Relentlessly. In this film, Morgan Spurlock merely drove home, in irrevocable, undeniable and not uncertain terms something those of us with two brain cells already know: that 95% of junk food is total crap (they don't call it junk food for nothing) and can be downright harmful to you if you overindulge. However, obviously millions of Americans have less than two brain cells when you consider how many of them are stuffing their faces at this very moment in the countless, various culinary crapatoriums found in every strip mall and on every highway in our grossly obese and flab-disgusting country. It used to be that the average waist size for adult men in the U.S. was 36 inches: today, it's like 42. The average dress size for women used to be eight: today, it's 14. Lazy, ignorant, gluttonous and self-destructive slobs that they are, Americans need a movie like this much more than they need a 700 calorie soft drink, a 600 calorie super order of fries or a 550 calorie Big Mac. What was disconcerting about this film was: (1) Spurlock gained something like 27 pounds in a month of eating McBowel; (2) he was at the verge of compromising his liver from such a high-fat diet (even one of his own physicians was amazed), and (3) eating all that feces on a bun even made him, in the words of his girlfriend, less of a man than he used to be. What was sad in this film was that scene featuring the pretty, but very overweight teenage girl, who, citing the supposedly healthy and fat-reducing qualities of Subway (vomit) sandwiches, bemoans the fact that she can't afford to eat there twice a day. The funniest bit? When Spurlock ate the triple quarter pounder and almost immediately gave it back, hurling out the window of his vehicle. They even panned the camera out the window of the car so that the audience could see the upchuck spewed on the ground. Now, there's a documentarian dedicated to getting all the facts on film!
5|7903| This is Spinal Tap was a very clever method of satire.
5|156|excellent movie ! what do ya expect from a great author as thomas harris! i cant wait for #2!
1|572|I couldnt even sit all the way through this clunker, so maybe my opinion isnt that valid. The movie just doesnt work, I found it unwatchable
5|21435|Hands down, my favorite series of movies of all time. I happen to prefer The Empire Strikes Back, but that's probably because it was the first one I saw in the theater (when I was barely 5 years old). This has all of the elements of a great story and its characters come across as real, unlike the new prequels. The special effects were stunning for the time - and still are. The restored version (not the updated, expanded version) is amazing. It blows away any of the new CG graphics for its realism and believability. If you can't find it in your heart to at least enjoy Star Wars, I believe you have no soul. 
5|3032|Most movies from previous decades that are remade are horrible. Although the idea of him tracking down this guy for two years is a little unbelievable, they did a good job keeping the basic theme and characters the same as the original movies. And casting Samuel L. Jackson was a good move.
5|17408|Possibly the most frightening horror movie of all-time! Murnau sure as hell knew how to make movies, as did Germany in general! They set the ground-work for all-time on how to make a successful horror movie.
5|5443|Best war film ever made with a great psychological war between the Alex Guiness character and the Sessue Hayakawa character.
1|10848|Lets be serious here.
5|9279|John Candy's best role ever! I still can't believe he is dead.
5|7254|Putting Steve Martin with John Candy was a very genious idea. These two were absolutely histarical together! This is a movie that I think many poeple can even relate to. If you haven't seen it, see it! Laughs from beginning to end!
1|20035|Like many of the raters here, I concur that this movie was one of the sorriest ever put out. It was hyped over the Al Gore-invented internet and that led to some fake buzz. I was never scared during the movie; instead I got madder and madder as I sat through this crap. I wondered how I got took on such bulls***it as this? This worthless piece of junk shouldn't be classified as horror. I've seen home movies with more terror than this. My first hair-cut on camera beat this crap. Thank goodness now everyone knows this & it's crappy sequel are pure junk!
1|17699|Most overrated movie of all time. It's not just that it's not scary, but it's not a good movie.
5|1143|Great adaptation of the novel. Packed in thick, end-to-end. Best line in the movie: "Ryan, some things here don't react too well to bullets. Yeah, me. I don't react too well to bullets." For those into submarines, this one ranks right up there with Crimson Tide and Das Boot (if you use subtitles and not the dubbed version).
5|13108| Schindler's List is probably the most authentic portrayal of the Holocaust you can get without being a documentary. Speilberg proved himself to be a director of the highest caliber and Ralph Fiennes and Liam Neeson give stellar performances that haven't been matched YET. But there a few things that really struck me about this film that are astounding. 1) The little girl's red coat- To some it symbolized the bloodshed of six million victims; to me it symbolized freedom. In the first scene she and the red coat appear, she is walking oblivious and unnoticed through chaotic streets like a little girl walking home from school without a care in the world but when she hides under the bed, her coat suddenly changes black and white. She has become a part of and is entraped by the dismal scene. When we see her again, she is on a cart, expired and headed for the incinerator- she no longer has to experience the horrors of what is going on around her. 2) Hitler is rarely mentioned and never seen in the film. He remains the unseen force behind all the evil that we observe on the screen; the result of the man rather than the man himself. 3) I have never seen death scenes more authentic before. The particular one that comes to mind is the female architect in the concentration camp. Did you notice how she bounced off the ground, limp and lifeless, after she was shot? This has drilled something home to me: I have realized how fragile and priceless life is and though we forget from time to time, we are NOT invincible. 4) The profound character study of Schindler and the effects war and death can have on someone. At the beginning of the film, we have a money-hungry, womanizing Nazi sympathizer who transforms into a compassionate, selfless philanthropist. I guess Anne Frank was right when she said I believe there is good in everyone.. I will always have a special place in my heart for this film and have not just observed this picture, but been completely absorbed and transformed by it!
5|10401|god, I don't know how many times I have seen this movie.
5|21804|Please note that I am rating this on the basis of it being a seperate entity from the book; I have not read the book yet, and will refrain from doing so until after I have watched the third installment of the series. It is understood that the movie strayed away from the book's storyline a bit, and if you cannot handle that, I highly suggest you do not watch this movie, as many of my die-hard LOTR fans left disappointed and could not see the movie through their preconceptions from the book. Alright, that being said, the movie was an absolute work of art! The cinematography was breathtaking and well done; the computer graphics enhanced the story rather than masked it, something that many current movies cannot yet accomplish. Gollum was an incredible work of computer technology--almost completely believable (the best that I've seen so far). The story is captivating, and the characters are rich and alive. You may have to watch it twice, to get past the eye candy-ness of it all (and it is, but oh, is it done beautifully). Words of caution: 1) If you can't sit still for three hours, you might want to stay away from this movie. 2) Don't order the super-giant-mega-zized drink at the theater--you probably won't want to get up to go to the bathroom, and three hours is a LONG time for a full bladder! 3) If you don't like fantasy, this is not for you. 4) If you are a die-hard fan of the book and can't stand anything straying from the book, save yourself the heart attack and don't watch. 5) Not everyone has read the book. For the sake of friends who haven't read the book, you may want to refrain from giving parts away, or the movie will be much less enjoyable for them.
5|5325|Boy did that last entry miss the point! Stay away from "The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" there kid, you may fall off of the raft and drown looking for the meaning behind Twain's words. In this spot-on retelling of Harper Lee's diatribe against prejudice and racial intolerance, Gregory Peck (As Atticus Finch) gives one of the most memorable screen performances in cinematic history. His Lincolnesque portrayal of one man's fight against tyranny and injustice is still required viewing in highschool sociology classes across the country and the message in both the movie and the book stand as powerful today as they did in those pre-civil rights days of their initial release. The little girl that plays Scout and the boy who plays her brother as well as their visiting friend Dil (modeled after Miss Lee's boyhood friend, Truman Capote) are also noteworthy as it is through the children's eyes (and Scout's, in particular) that the story is related. We learn along with them as we share their fears of the unknown and, more terrifying, the known elements that shape the world of the grown-ups that live around them. The use of black and white film helps to bring to life a time when most people saw the world in just that way and were loathe to step out of the shadows if, by being exposed to the light, the true reflection of their person be shown. In the murky darkness, the truth may lie dormant, but in the eyes of children, it can be seen. It is the kids that turn the adults of this film to look into themselves and their acceptance finally succeeds in drawing the mysterious Boo Radley (played by Robert Duvall) out of the shadows of his self-imprisonment and back into the community. The children hold the keys to a better future and armed with the lessons they learn by observation and experience and in the sage teachings of lawyer Finch, a better future will be realized.
5|19343|This is the scariest movie, Chucky is the scariest actor. I can't believe it. There should have been more stuff than there is.
5|16070|BEST MOVIE
5|10415|One of the most hilarious movies you can see. A Christopher Guest documentary masterpiece, it takes place in Blaine, Missouri, where Corky St. Claire , flamboyant theatre director/composer/actor, writes Red White and Blaine , a low-budget show about the history of Blaine. I have yet to see This is Spinal Tap , another Christopher Guest piece of work, but surely take a look at Waiting For Guffman, also...
5|3998|Finally, a GOOD children's movie in today's children's lifetimes!
5|21810|This movie is only slightly better than the first. It was a little boring, being 3 hours long. However, parts of it were good, like Smegol talking at the end, and it made me laugh when it kept showing the tree carrying Merry and Pippin.
1|7909|This was one of the worst movies I've ever seen.I never understood its popularity.Might appeal to 5th graders,or adults with zero sophistication.
5|18049|It kills me every time I see it...She's so happy, and you see that bucket of pigs' blood--you know it's going to come down on her, but I wish every time it wouldn't..but then it wouldn't be the classic HORROR movie that it is! And her nasty mother is frightening enough all by herself..And you can't beat the classic performances of Sissy, John Travolta, and the Greatest American Hero guy!!
5|16064|Denzel is just getting better. He can lift a script that is so-so, to great heights of entainment.
5|7526|'THE' best musical ever made
5|8615|STOP LOOKING AT ME SWAN! SHAMPOO IS BETTER, NO CONDITIONER IS BETTER. *BANG* *BANG* *PLOP* THIS AIN'T A PLACE FOR A PENGUIN TO BE JUST, WALKING AROUND! 
1|19878|Im glad I waited till this one came on HBO to see it...after the Ring I expected a good movie but it was horrible. I was so disappointed. It had a couple of good "surprise" moments but the overall story was far from unique and the ending left me going "Huh? I watched this movie for that?" I don't recommend this one at all!
5|14673|I loved it! If you danced ballet when you were younger, you will fall in love with this movie and want to go back to ballet.
5|1157| Excellent,Excellent,Excellent movie!!! Sean Connery in one of his absolute finest performances. This definitely is one of the best submarine battle movies ever made. 
5|6638|This is one of my all-time favorite movies, but as Irishgit says, this is not a feel-good movie and so is not for everyone. Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight are street people who form an unlikely team. The movie is packed with affecting scenes, like the one where Hoffman and Voight are caught stealing food at a chic party. Instead of calling the cops, the hosts merely ask them why they are trying to make off with the food, instead of merely helping themselves like the other guests. The end of the movie is heartbreaking.
5|7240|All time favorite comedy. John Candy was always funny - I think he died of a heart attack. Love Steve Martin too and the circumstances of this movie make you really laugh.
5|8173|easily one if not the funiest movie ive ever seen
5|4749|I absolutley LOVE this movies it's awesome entertaining and it's a Heart-warming funny story with great characters!! 3 CHEERS FOR THE RESCUERS!! It's tottaly COOL!! 
5|3026|SHAFT....! It took balls for these people to make another Shaft movie. Richard Roundtree did a pretty kewl job on the last one. Samuel L. managed to get away with doing a splendid job after all. however. Pertaining to too much Violence as has been mentioned in other comments here...the real world of crimals is little else but,.. Violence . Perhaps this motion picture merely points out just how bad things have really gotten in the big cities and that's just the way it is. Not approving here or dis-approving....only pointing out a harsh reality that Shaft has to deal with in the real world. Shaft Kicked Butt...! 
5|19431|the tall mister killing and killing got toilets go!!!
5|2338|The comedy version of Indiana Jones. One of those movies you don't get tired of
5|9245|This is a great movie. It's original, really funny and keeps you interested throughout the whole movie. Everyone in the movie does a great job, especially the elderly woman who does that great hip hop song.
1|21471|Really didn't like it
5|7268|Bill Murray is the funniest actor ever.
5|21186|This movie is way better than King Creole. This is his 3rd movie before he was in the army. King Creole came out after this movie. Don't miss this movie!
5|19419|Great movie, this is definately Carpenter's best and brightest. This will be a classic for years to come.
1|24509|A disgusting, incomprehensible piece of codswallop. Not fit for reptiles, even though the star is a reptile (or something like one anyway)
5|17434|Greatest film ever made.
5|5319|Wizard of Oz has great music. It appeals to childhood fantasy. The actors are great too. The characters are fun.
5|17352|Powerful, dark, intense, and richly metaphoric; it is still one of my favorite films of all time, but I have to be in the mood. Not suited for the typical American taste, since it requires attention, thought, patience, and a bit of education. It doesn't hurt to know a bit about European history and to have read Kierkegaard, either.
5|2476|This is a great action movie. I love how the characters are so vivid and unique. The storyline is great; but even moreso, the special effects are awesome! Those twisters looks so real and the acting is so believeable! One of the best scenes is of course, the flying cow (watch out for it if you haven't seen it). The scene at the end of the Twister was literally unbelieveable, but it was nice nonetheless.
5|383|Wonderful movie, despite the gore. B G (blood guts) seem to be an integral part of films now, and I think it heightens the realism. Crowe, Phoenix, Reed, Nielsen and Harris did a fabulous job in this. I recommend it to anyone who has the stomach for innate realism. Way better than Patriot. (Sorry Melfans...) 
1|12905|suck
5|13134|The movie was very realistic about the Holocaust. I like how they used black/white pictures to make the movie look old. It felt like we (the audience) were a part of the movie. They used realistic settings, costumes and weapons.
1|19688|I like mindless FUN action movies but this movie wasn't fun..it was just minldess and boring. The plot is ridiculous, the CGI was overused and the action and sound was so mind numbingly relentless I was hoping for some truly scary parts but none came, the charcters are flat and unintersting and the dialogue is terrible So you're the great Van Helsing says Dr.Jekyl and Mr.Hyde And you're a deranged psycho says Van Helsing ...good comeback. The ending was so disappointing, after the movie was finished I felt nothing, just like I had wasted my money to see a bunch of minldess overdone action pieces and CGI. I like mindless action but I atleast deserve characters that I have some care about and a plot a little less ridiculous. Rental only...discount rental.
5|9523|I agree with glorybox. This film definitely exceeded my expectations, because I wasn't quite as impressed with the first one as most people were. But then, this time around, it seems I was more impressed than a few people. But I was certainly laughing out loud, and I was much more entertained since there were a lot of unexpected turns. One of the best comedies I've seen in a good while. Oh yeah, and I love Zhang Ziyi, too. In my opinion, no girl can pull off no-nonsense (yet still likeable) toughness like she can.
1|21317|This piece of trash is a total embarassment to anyone even remotely associated with it, an insult to the underlying concept that was gravely compromised and perverted, and total torture to anyone who might happen to view it. It's a quest for failure when one tries to develop a feature film from something as minor and narrow as an album concept, but the pinheads who bankrolled and churned out this bucket of vomit apparently didn't let caveat thinking get in their way. And any creative project with The World's Lamest Pop Band, those absolutely obnoxious, tone deaf and wimped out Bee Gees, is doomed to be a total disaster. Involving those pathetic Beatle-wannabes in this suspect initiative was the final Death Sentence.
1|19844|some people say its a classic i didnt enjoy this one bit i thought it sucked
1|17869|Most overrated horror movie of all time. This movie wouldnt scare my poodle. Bad make up acting and everything else. Bride of Chucky was scarier than this joke of a movie. If i was in the room with that possessed girl i would have pooped on her face and laughed.
5|13120|This movie was great because it gives a better, clearer view of what happened to the Jews during the Holocaust. It is informative and educational and a really great movie to watch for pleasure.
5|17346|This is absolutely one of the best movies I have ever seen. The moving scenes are not just of love, but as each of the characters plys his trade. Barrault is a genius, as was Debureau in his day. The transformations he performs onscreen are masterful.
5|18075|This is one of the best movies! Kathy Bates was great! It was a crazy movie!
5|397|A Roman epic. Russell Crowe rocks as Maximus. Good gladiator scenes, great special effects and costumes add to the realism of this great movie.
5|16058|It was cute. Very good for the younger crowd--no violent or explicit sex.
1|23514|Ugh. When John Carpenter and Kurt Russell combine, the result is always taseless and uninspired. They should both have stuck to comedy (although this is UNintentionally funny in parts).
5|4013|We like the film. Especially the voice from the German Speakers. We want to look the film again and again, but the money is missing!
1|15918|One of the few films I've walked out on early on in the film. In one of the opening scenes it shows the effects of a would-be plane crash...I turned to my friend and stated "It looks like a movie set," to which he laughed in agreement. Then we see a victim from the crash laying there supposedly dead, but who doesn't even look real...So at that point we decided it was either leaving the theatre or falling asleep - we left.
5|9251|this is simply a classic comedy.
5|13646| It is hard to think of one person who can't gain something from such an important movie. This movie will shock you awake. It gets you from the begining and will not let you go until you learn every harsh but well needed lesson. I just wish this was a manditory film for high school kids. I especially loved the beautiful scenes toward the end of the film that show edward nortan's character and Edward Furlong's character as little kids on the beach and how much wonder they each had for life. It makes the point that hatred is learned we are not born with it. I just hope those who see it don't take it the wrong way and think this film is glorifying hatred which to most of us it is obviouse enough stateing that hatred is ignorance. I want people to watch this film and have hope for humanity and one day we might unite.If you are in the mood for a movie that will move you and teach you in a very stern way this is highly recommended. 
5|6162|I grew up watching Moby Dick. Isuppose it is my favorite movie.
5|15237|One of the best films of all time. Great acting. Jack Nicholson was great.
5|7297|What a funny movie with so many great and memorable lines and characters. Ted Knight and Rodney Dangerfield are hysterical and Chevy Chase's humor is so dry and understated that you really have to pay close attention to what he is saying to realize how funny the lines are. But it is Bill Murray who steals the movie in many ways. It's a Cinderella story. A former greenskeeper about to become Masters champion.
1|16222|I hated this movie. I am so happy that I rented it and didn't spend $6.25 to see it. I fell asleep the 1st time. Tried to watch it a 2nd time and could get into it. Tried a 3rd, and hated it.
1|19111|I had very high expectations for this film based on not only the hype, but everyone I knew saying it was this great horror film. To me, that's an insult to the genre. The only thing I give it credit for was it's advertising. It was a low budget film that did very well. It was a suspense film only to the extent that it kept you waiting for the suspense...but it never comes! The acting hurt this movie severely, horror movies just don't work with terrible acting. And as for that plot twist at the end, well, let me just say that for anyone who's seen Silence of the Lambs, I wasn't shocked in the least. Stop reading here if you really want to see this movie without knowing the ending. Let's think about it. What exactly would the purpose be of having a dead guy laying in the middle of the floor throughout the entire movie. Why is he there? There's not point unless...*gasp*...he's not really dead! Tricky tricky. And not that I like excess gore, but to credit yourself as being this terribly twisted movie, a few almost shots of a guy sawing his leg off and the aftermath of that jawbreaker thing that didn't do much...come on. I give this movie a big LAME for being so disappointing.
5|24001|Excellent film by two of cinema's greatest (although technically, one is dead). Spielberg adapted to the nightmarish future world of Stanley Kubrick in such a way that it's almost chilling. I really enjoyed A.I. and cannot wait until it comes out on DVD.
1|5677|I have never understood why people like this trash. It's melodramatic, unbelievable, fantasized, etc. If people liked it for those reasons that would be understandable--just a matter of personal taste. However, they describe it as if it were some great example of fine acting. Phooey! I put it in the same category as Birth of a Nation. Romanticized racist drivel.
1|12044|Title alone says it all...
5|4946|I thought the jokes were funny. The story line wasn't the best, but still.
5|5480|Henry Fonda and an ensemble of many of the ususal John Ford players did an outstanding job. Red River Valley as the theme song is heart-breaking.
5|18920|I saw this movie with a friend of mine and we both loved it. It was kinda scary, but I really loved the actor that played the priest. He is worth seeing.
5|19380|I just love Malcovich and Defoe
1|7706|I'd prefer to give a negative 1 star if it were possible. I didn't enjoy this movie, didn't find it funny, and could have found something better to do with my time. this movie was just plain STUPID
1|17896|Don't watch this movie!
5|1194|The best of the Bond movies. Shirley Bassey sang the theme song brilliantly.
5|6823|this is the best MOnty Python movie of them all.
1|10121|Kirsten Dunst, your 15 minutes are just about up...
1|24284|This movie was lame. The whole train station scene was retarded. The french guy got punked out way to easy. Neo fights like a sissy in the real world. Then we're forced to watch morphus and the crew fly a ship for 2 hrs as the lamer characters defend club zion. The final fight was a Dragon Ball Z rip off and the ending sucked big time. They didn't even explain anything it just ended with the old bag and the architect (aka Colonel Sanders) talking at the park. WTF? O yeah Trinity dies and so does Neo. How do you like them apples?
5|368|The best action/love story movie of the year. It was an excellent, well written movie. I loved Braveheart and this was similar.
5|22464|By far the best Star Trek and one of the greatest Sci Fi of all time, giving Star Wars a run for its money.
1|10647|My significant other insisted this was a movie for me -- the reviews he had read were spectacular. He was wrong and so were those reviewers. I cannot recall much about this long drawn out tale other than I should have gotten the largest popcorn they sold -- the meal would have made the experience a bit shy of a big waste of time.
5|7283|What a great movie. Rodney Dangerfield make me laugh even more each time I see this movie.
1|3212|This is where it all started. Meg Ryan the cheater!! I have no respect for any person that can't keep her pant's up while she or he is away from the family!!!
1|19105|Pure exploitation. The actors who appeared in this should be ashamed of themselves.
5|426|After taking my ancient world art class in the spring, watching the movie Gladiator was an exciting experience. I was able to understand the art and culture of the Romans that we had learned about in class on film. The best architectural description they had in the movie was the Roman Ampitheatre. I think they did a really great reconstruction of that.
5|16931|It was an interesting combo of war and love.
5|10398|This is one of the greatest movies of all time, next to Wayne's World, Austin Powers and A Life Less Ordinary.
5|11086|This film is only for Jim Carrey. Who could play this role Charlie/Hank except Jim? The hard words were just cute...Renee Zellweger was cute too. Irene P. Waters was the very different image prepared to that role in Jerry Maguire. She showed she could even keep up with Jim Carrey. Her charm in this film was enough to attract his instinct...
5|21145|This is the story of Ruth Etting, the 1920's torch singer, and her abusive relationship with her husband, a gangster. James Cagney earned a Best Actor oscar nomination for this role. Doris Day is just wonderful in the part. She sings, dances and emotes with excellent results. She surprised her fans and critics with her, heretofore, untapped talent. This movie was a big hit at the time of its release, and the soundtrack was the No.1 bestselling album. If you can, listen to Ruth Etting sing. She has an extraordinary delivery. 
5|13849|A brilliantly written, beautifully filmed nasty story about a largely despicable man. Not easy to watch, because it is hard to find someone to like, but it is a provoking, intelligent film.
5|9286|Arguably the best film in the world ever - i defy you not to be moved by it!
5|8826|This movie is played out, of course, but when it first came out it was revolutionary and that's what counts. It was original and hella creative, but it was the actors-Dana Carvey and Mike Myers that made the movie. Excellent comedy.
5|23034|Now this is more like it. Finally a superhero movie that actually resembles the comic books. God I loved this movie. I have to tell everybody out there that this is already one of my all-time favorite movies. If spider-man is your favorite superhero please god you have to see this one.
1|22805|How long can a movie be, and still feel like something was missing. The editing was horrible. The scene cuts were like somebody bumping the needle on a record player. Ouch! But my kids loved it.
5|21623|I only really found two problems with the movie. One they made Arwen seem like a main character, and two is that they left out the part with Tom Bombadil. Other than that the only thing I could see wrong is that they left out some parts or changed some parts, but that is to be expected of any movie that is made after a book. I thought the costumes and the people who they chose for the characters were very good. And they did follow the basic plot line.
1|15071|suck
5|3973|It doesn't get any better than this. Its one of those rare movies that is even better than the book/s. Incredible cast. Great songs. And one of the early movies with scenes containing both live actors and animation. 
5|340|I don't usually watch these kind of movies but WOW this movie totally kicks @ss. I love Russell Crowe's character Maximus he was so fearless, strong, and extremely intelligent. This is an action packed movie from begining to end. The blood and guts is a definite plus. 
5|3967|Yeah, let's teach the little ones it's okay to pawn thier care off on an insane domestic! Brilliant!
5|8832|A great movie to watch with your buddies. A lot of older men/women I've talked to who went to high school in the 70's said their high school days were exactly like this movie. good times.....
1|2656|lol...im going to have to agree wth irishgit
5|22458|The only good thing to come from the Star Trek universe since the tribble.
5|24029|dragonheart rulz! there is nothin better than a good medival story of dragons and the valant boy who saves the day!
5|432|One of the best movies I've ever seen. It had good battle scenes, a good story, and was just awesome! I am going to see it again.
5|16925|guy throws his life away
5|21151|i use to sing the title song in private school on some field trip i saw this movie again years ago in a very small theatre the first showing was sold out so i had to wait several hours for the next showing
1|3549|Long and dull. They were on a nuclear submarine but didn't bother to bring radiation suits. That's real smart. The endless bickering between Harrison and Liam was annoying at times.
5|23021|A fantastic piece of work. Like a comic book but without the reading. Stays true to the comic except for a few minor parts that only the obsessed would stress over. Sets the bar at a whole new level for comic book movies.
5|8833|I love this movie! I own it and I watch it at least once a week. I will never get tired of it!
1|22810|eat my shorts.
1|13373|Forrest Gump is, without a shadow of a doubt, the worst film I have ever had the sad misfortune of viewing. This celebration of gross stupidity is crass, completely lacking in any genuine wit and moves at a sloth-like pace from ridiculously contrived plotline to another. Tom Hanks, a leviathan of modern film-making, is as sickly and lacking in charisma as ever. I would sooner watch my Grandmother being savaged by rabid Tigers than view this piece of rubbish again.
5|21150|My kid loves it, but it creeped me out as a kid.
5|11093|this is one of the most funniest movies i have ever seen!!!!! I dont think that it would be as funny if someone else other than Jim Carey was playing the part of Charlie/Hank. He adds the Vibe to the movie. This is a great hilarious movie that i would recomend anyone who wants a good laugh or has a sense of humor
1|1438| 
5|433|I missed part of the opening battle but I'm going back because I haven't seen anything that dark and thunderous since Excaliber. Favorite scene where the Carthenian gladiators flip the chariot,, maybe hollywoodish but awesome effects. Then end brought a tear to my eye. This guy wasnt just a raw fighting machine, he had thoughts desires and needs. He did it for his family, her family, and the man he onced looked up to. I could care less about the exact accuracy of the film. The gist of the politics summed up the twistedness then and now. Must see. 
5|22459|Easily the best Star Trek film for all the obvious reasons. For me the best part of that movie was the interplay between Kirk and Khan. They chew the scenery with a side of ham to the point of camp and despite that the dialogue they share is the highlight of the movie. Khan...I'm....LAUGHING atthesuperiorintellect.
5|9287|One of the best black comedies of the progressive director generation of the late 60's early 70's. Satirical and sometimes ironic, H M is a great example of a movie made from the 60's generation perspective without being overtly hippie. A young upper class man, Harold, living with his cold and preoccupied mother has developed an obsession with death. To elicit an emotional response from his mother (once seen years earlier when she believed him killed) he sets up mock suicide attempts of varying complexities. By the time we see his current attempts his mother has become apathetic and even a bit annoyed with his behavior. He spends his free time attending anonymous funerals at which he first meets Maude. Over the course of the movie we see how a 79 year old free spirit changes the world of this sheltered boy/man.
5|13848|Even after 24 years, still the greatest NYC, sports, psychopath, family redemption film ever. Will not be topped in our lifetimes.
5|21144|A terrific movie, fantastic music, great choreography, everything you could possibly want in a music movie. 
5|11087|Jim Carry and Renee Zellweger are such a power team! They are great together!
5|427|A very good movie. The acting is top notch, and the depiction of corruption is great. This movie tends to be bloddy, however that was true lifestyle from the history books I have read. Russell Crowe is an award winning actor, and shows his best in this film.
1|12079|A waste of time.
5|17390|Absolutely fantastic. I studied Media at college and developed a taste for foreign films and I had read the critics reviews and it was outstanding. So I went to the cinema and watched. It totally grabbed my attention due to the camerawork and style. The part I love best is where she runs past particular people and you see snapshots of what happen to them in the future and it changes with every senario that happens to Lola. I now have the film on DVD and I highly recommend it. 
5|21622|The novie had great action throughtout almost the whole thing. It had great effects and they picked good actors for the parts. I really like the job they did they did not stick entirly to the book but what movie really does?? It would be too hard to recreate a whole book and the movie would be much too long. I have read the books and they are good too. The movie captures the main parts of the books though like the Mines of Moria. Peter Jackson picked a great book to make a movie out of. I would recommened this movie to anyone who likes action, adventure, romance, and horror. It has all of the essentials to a great movie.
5|15587|Not as historic as entertaining. I liked it because it humanized a very terrible accident. Many people just look at the numbers of the victims and not their stories. Titanic made us aware of their possible stories.
1|19892|This is possibly the worst movie ever made and I am ashamed to say that I saw the whole thing. I feel slightly less intelligent after it was finished. Wow.
5|23035|I thought that X-Men would be the best comic book movie ever made, but I was proven wrong. This movie is simply amazing. I was very impressed with the way that it was presented, and that it stayed mostly true to the comic. I can't wait for it to be released on DVD.
1|11216|Almost Famous was your fifteen minutes, Kate...now go on and disappear again.
5|369|This movie is one of the best action movies of all time. It has so much feeling and action at the same time.
1|7713|It was horrible. It was very perverted and kids should not watch it. It was meaningless.
5|19395|Whatever John Malkovich is in always turns out great. Shadow of the Vampire isn't your everyday Giant budget jump out of your pants horror flick. Shadow of the Vampire takes you behind the making of Nosferateu. Of course Nosferateu is played by William Dafoe who believe it or not should get nominated for an oscar. I have seen so many vampire movies and horror movies having to do with vampires but you really got into his character. He did an excellent job portraying a dark figure with a little of comedy. In the Shadow of the Vampire Malkovich again hits us with a brillant performance in which he plays the director of the original movie Nosferateu . When the movie ends you don't know weather to love him or hate him. Excellent movie. Search down a theatre to find where it plays because its definetly a movie all people must see if you appreciate excellent acting.
5|1195|Shirley Eaton is fabulous.
5|24014|I enjoyed that movie because it was like watching good prevail over evil. It would be good if there really was a police officer who was an android who could get the bad guys. The story line had touching elements to it.
5|13860|Scorcese's greatest film. It is simply one of the most visually beautiful films I've seen, and has an uncommon power.
1|12051|Seriously one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The only reason I continued watching it was the beautiful Ashton.
1|5676|Frankly my dear I do not give a damn about this movie.
5|24000|this will be revered as a classic in 20 years. trust me.
5|7296|One of the all time greats. Has Bill Murray, Chevy Chase and Rodney Dangerfield- just an all out great cast. All of them get the straight act down, playing the fool without being a fool. Just downright entertaining.
5|13874|it was the best boxing movie ever!
5|22471|Hands down the best trek film of all time.
5|6836|This movie is so goofy it's hilarious. You almost have to watch it a couple of times to catch everything and it helps to have read the script. Their humor is so off-the-wall that you have to be in the right mood to watch it, but overall this movie is great when you need a good belly laugh.
5|20500|....not only was this movie great in terms of content and cinematography, the music was awesome! Since I viewed the movie in Las Vegas I have made every effort to locate the soundtrack but have not been successful. If someone reads this and knows a source where I can get this music PLEASE let me know! Don't miss this IMAX movie!
1|981|Most war movies are just terrible, nihilistic, and dark. This one is no exception to that unfortunate rule.
5|2488|Twister was good. I liked the cows that flew around; it was cool. The movie made me want to chase tornados. Tornados always make good movies.
5|19381|Superb film with excellent performance by Dafoe.
5|4012|This film can be liked by people of all ages. The animation is superb. I'd say it's Pixar's best animated film. The story is sweet and very funny, especially Ellen Degeneres as Dory. Each character's personality is warm, humerous and an important part of the story. This is a movie you'll want to watch many times over. It's a very delightful and funny film.
5|16059|I gave it a 5 because it was a good movie. It had love, suspense, drama, and a story line. It also showed women athletics have courage also.
5|17347|This grand,lavish,romantic costume drama,called by some France's answer to Gone with the Wind,and voted by the French Academy their country's greatest film,is a magnificent evocation of the theatre and teeming street life in 1830's Paris.Revolving round a beautiful,enigmatic courtesan(Arletty,in her defining role),a ruthless criminal,a soft-hearted mime artist and a romantic stage actor,the film's cast,art direction and intertwining of different plot strands are superlative.While Arletty's independent spirit was taken to represent nazi-occupied France itself (an allegory which passed unnoticed by the German censors),the film is a glorious indulgence and a visual feast.
5|6605| Absolutely for everyone. My kids watched this over and over when they were little, and I never had to fast-forward it past any trashy parts...hard to find one like that these days. Topol IS Tevya! 
5|13121|Spielberg's epic masterpiece about one man's discovery of his conscience amid the horrors of the Holocaust. Filmed in B/W to evoke the contemporary films and newsreels of the day, Schindler's List immerses the viewer in the Holocaust experience. Unrelentingly brutal, the camera never flinches as the Nazis demonstrate evil on every scale. Watching this film would be a depressing experience, were it not for the final scenes which movingly portray Oskar Schindler's magnificent legacy. Superb performances by Liam Neeson, Ben Kingsley, and Ralph Fiennes, combined with camera work that will be studied in film classes for years to come.
5|15550|When it first came out in the theatre, I refused to go see it because I was sure that I would not like it... now I have seen it several times and really like it each time.
5|8628|i love adam sandler and her i a goo d movie showing his humor
1|18583|terible not my kind of movie weird strange and i was thinking what is going on i did not even finish it not good
5|15236|This is a flawless movie! A guaranteed tearjerker. The story of a tumultuous mother-daughter relationship is compelling, but what really makes this movie are the stand-out performances of Shirley MacLaine, Debra Winger and Jack Nicholson.
5|14128|Movie is not only funny, but justified. Violence and language kept to a minimum. True to life and doesn't have unnecessary stuff to pump ratings.
5|9250|Classic Mel Brooks stuff. Sheer comedic brilliance.
5|13647|The best thing about this movie is Edward Furlong And Edward Norton
5|2305|One of my most watched movies. Being part of a Fire dept makes you a little more drawn into movies like this I guess I can sit down and watch it at least once a week.
5|17421|great movie for kids. Some younger kids might be scared by some of the images but worth watching for other kids. From the maker of 'Princess Mononoke'. He is good at making movies about courageous young girls that are great viewing for all kids.
5|11050|They dont make thes kind of movies fo fa@s like ctvf47.
5|2311|Best...carchase...ever.
5|17435|Un chefd'oeuvre 
5|20299|Very exciting and nasty! Do not like dolls, so the killing doll made it even more scary. Very scary to see the doll. Good plot.
5|21187|Long before reality TV there was Gimme Shelter. This was when the Stones really were the Greatest Rock Band on the Planet. No other rock documentary comes close to the drama and excitement of this movie. This very excellent film will entertain you, then shock you and astound you.
5|7269|murray.
5|15222|Love this movie. It's a great love story, and a good family movie.
5|1618|Se7en is one of those rare films that not only astounds the viewer while it is playing before their eyes, but burns an imprint in their mind long after the final credits have rolled. And for a serial killer film to be memorable at all is a great feat in itself. Not only has this movie got an impeccable cast, script, direction,etc., but the only thing UNoriginal about it is that it involves a serial killer. Everything else about it is innovative and thought provoking. A city drowned by a monsoon may not be an original film idea, but a city in sunny California being pelted by an endless downpour is! The cinematography was in color, but the only colors vivid in the film were greys, dingy browns, and black! The serial killer involving the cops in his scheme of things to be the final victim is something that is astonishing! With Spacey's monologue the viewer may find himself/herself making sense of murders that were so senseless and inhuman and with that the serial killer brings the average, normal person to his level of reason. What is so ironic about this film is that John Doe seems to be the one trying to find God in a place where God just doesn't exist- the relentless rain and muted colors are a sign of that and, in the final scene, the roles of victim and killer are reversed. Every time I see this film, (15x and counting) I can't help but to be left in bewilderment and in awe!
5|13653|great movie with some wonderful talented actors. danny glover, whoopi goldberg and oprah winfrey was a natural. the best part was when whoopis character finally stood up to that mean husband of hers. you could only cheer her on as she got stronger
5|6611|This is an absolutely incredible movie!!
1|21316|I would like to been there when they came up with the idea for this movie. Let's make a musical movie about The Beatles and not have The Beatles! Then who will replace them? The Bee Gees! Great idea!
5|13135|Beautiful film. It hurt so much that it was so good. I can't ever watch it again, but I thought it was amazing! 
5|24799|The only reason why i give this movies a 5 is because of aaliyah.I mean she was the best actress in the movie to me!Everyone else sucked!But the music was cool!But the ONLY reason why i saw it was because of her and she did a great job!
5|15544|When this first came out I did not want to see it. I though, I know what happends anyway, people go on ship, ship sinks, people die. Plus I hate that leonardo dicaprio While that was tragic, I didn't think is should be a movie. So it wasn't until it was released again in the theaters that I was finally draged to go see it. I can honestly say I'm glad I saw it on the big sceen. The story was superb, the acting was superb(even leonardo dicaprio),and the music went very well with each part of the movie. The directing and set was the best i've ever seen, it makes you feel like your there, the feel of the movie is so well portraid that each character, even small roles are a integral part in this flim. I can go on and on about the magnificent directing and charcter development, but the only way anyone can understand is if they see it for themselves.
1|18597|One of the worst movies I ever seen. I'm surprized it stuck to the tape!
5|4006|Anyone who thinks this is bad is a retart.
5|2477|This was a great movie. Not only entertaining but it actually taught me a thing or two as well. It kept me wondering what was going to happen next. Not that many films can do that these days. It actually kept my attention and in the end, had my routing for the scientists. Great flick!
5|382|This has got to be one of the greatest action war movies since Braveheart. It had almost every emotion involved in the movie.
5|21839|This movie was really very clever and charming to boot. Doc was mayhe a little over the top, but that added to the fun.
5|5318|The most magical movie ever made, and this was in 1939 !!! Puts todays computerized movies to shame!
5|6639|Very well crafted movie, that stands up pretty well. Great performance by Hoffman, and Voight is strong. Well worth seeing, but it isn't for everyone.
5|1156|I really enjoyed this movie. It attracted me because my dad is a submariner. He said it was very realistic. It was very dramatic and there was never a dull moment.
5|14672|i thought this movie was incredible. It may be because I am a dancer but I thought it was really great. It inspired me to dance better and work harder.
1|2870|Ludicrous nonsense. Somehow manages to be even stupider than the book it's based on.
5|8614|my favorite adam sandler movie. i loved when he would see and talk to the penguin.
5|7527|Classic!
5|16065|I never got a chance to see this in the movie theater, however I rented it and I was simply baffled at how such a great commentary could have received such bad reviews. I have to give it 4 stars for the message it sends, and then add the extra star for the quality film-making. It is a very depressing movie, I must say. If you are looking for a comedy or a happy, fun movie, this isn't what you want. Not to say that those types of movies are bad, but this great film conveys an important message. John Q exposes the flaws and immoral, unethical practice that occurs in hospital emergency rooms everyday. If you're poor and can't afford a high-magnitude procedure, too bad. There are a couple brilliant scenes in the movie that are priceless in their depiction of the exact sentiment that I'm sure most of the audience had. If you were scared away by the bad reviews or just didn't get a chance to see it, I urge that you watch it and come to a realization about a great ill in America's health insurance system.
5|18048|This was scary, perhaps because her mother was so psycho, or maybe because sissy spacek just has a freaky face. I think it was fulfilling because we always hope we could fight back like Carrie and we also know we've all treated someone badly like the people treated Carrie.
5|5330|Excellent movie. Takes place in the south during the depression. Seen through the eyes of the children of a lawyer.Gregory Peck is wonderful as Atticus, the decent man who defends a black man who is wrongly accused of raping a white woman. well done movie well acted by all.
5|21811|Best film ive ever seen!
5|10414|Hysterical parody. This is Spinal Tap in a small town community theatre.
5|10372|Completely equal if not superior to the origional. Another hilarious movie with a whole lot of whacky comedy. I loved it when he tried to prove that Dr. Mainheimer was a fake by trying to scrub his birthmark off. Absolutely hilarious and IMO better than the first.
5|4990|Proving that unreal isn't uncool. This very cool and funny movie focuses on animals. The dogs have to save the world from the cats. There's not only slapstick and dog jokes, but nods to Get Smart, James Bond and other spy shows. The cast is great and the special effects, in a word, rock. Highly recommended!
5|2339|I pitty any FOOL that doesn't like this movie. The acting was great. Everyone in the show preformed their part wonderfully. It is a great show.
5|3027|I THINK THAT IT WAS A GREAT MOVIE SAMMUEL JACKSON ALWAYS PLAS HIS PARTS TO THE KEY.YOU GO BRO. VANESSA IS GOOD IN THIS ALSO. MS. D.
5|19430|Yikes!
1|24520|Come on now! Puuuuleeeze!
5|1630|I actually went to the theater to see it. It was that good.
5|14114|It's amazing how they have sort of the Big Brother theme, where they are taping Truman's life into a 24/7 TV show. It was really an intriguing movie.
5|7255|Too many classic scenes to mention. Funny from top to bottom credits. One of the best musical scores of any comedy ever. Candy's best work. Martin hasn't been that funny since.
5|5442|A movie about honor, and the pride to two military leaders going head to head on a psychological battlefield instead of military combat. I'm not sure why people refer to it as such a great war movie, because their isn't any actual war like fighting in it. It takes place in a POW camp, and is a study of character in extreme situations. If you are looking for a what I think of more as a war movie, such as Saving Private Ryan, or Platoon this probably isn't what you are after. If you are interested in studying the character of a man and an emotionally provoking ending, by all means get this movie. Simply terrific! Oh by the way it was nominated for about 9 Academy awards, and won for best picture and actor.
5|17409|Probably the best rendition of the immortal novel. Maurnau is a great director, and NOSFERATU proves it. This film set the standard for every gothic horror film that followed. Along with THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA CABINET OF DR. CALIGARI, NOSFERATU is probably the best silent horror movie.
5|19424|Fulci is a god. This is the epitomy of the Zombie movies. All others should bow to Fulci. I remember seeing this movie at the drive in theatre, and it scared me lifeless at that young age. Watching it now still brings back the chills. Please rate this film higher, cause if there was a Hall of Fame for horror movies, this would be a first year shoein.
5|16071|Critics really shrugged me off John Q, but i saw it anyway and really loved it. I like movies that get to ya emotionally, and Washington is great in this.
5|19342|The first one was great....as usual with most horror sequels.
5|3755|This is Michael Mann at his best. Everyone talks about Silence of The Lambs as the best movie from the Thomas Harris novels, but this one is right there with it. One of my all-time favorite action scenes is at the end of the movie when Peterson's character jumps through a pane of glass to rescue a woman from the killer. It is timed in such a way that his crashing through the glass coincides with the reemergence of the guitar and drums from a long dormant period in Iron Butterfly's Inna-Godda-Da-Vida. 
5|21805|This is without a doubt my all-time favourite film (at least until Return of the King is released). Peter Jackson took more liberty with the story in this chapter, but the heart of the story is still very evident and the movie flows perfectly. The CGI effects, particularly Gollum and Treebeard were astounding and competely believable. I was also really impressed with how Weta Digital used their Operation Massive program to create the huge scale of the Battle of Helm's Deep. The acting performances were note perfect as well...and I was particularly impressed with Viggo Mortensen. He's truly an old fashioned matinee hero in this film, who just crackles with charisma. John-Rhys Daveys was also brilliant in bringing comic relieg to the screen through Gimli...and as well provided the perfect voice for Treebeard. The only possible contention I have witht the film is the way in which Faramir's character was adapted from the book. He's much harsher in the film, and seems to lose the beautiful, peaceful wisdom that he had in the book. However his role did need to be adjusted to allow for a proper climax to the film and I guess we'll have to wait and see how he develops in the conlusion to the trilogy
5|5324|For the time it was made, Wizard of Oz is an amazing film full of imagination and far before its time.
5|13109|This is the greatest movie I have seen. No other movie has depicted, with such power, how one man changed so many lives around him. I'm not exactly fond of movies with violence or profanity, but I feel that this is a rare exception . The direction of Schindler's List is superb. I couldn't believe how a movie that starts with such disturbing scenes and ideas could end on such a strong positive side. I had forgotten all about the violence inflicted on the prisoners, and, instead, I contemplated the strong example shown by Oskar Schindler in this fantastic true story. I recommend this movie to everyone mature enough to handle the extreme elements, and to see it again when you have forgotten the valor and courage shown by Schindler in this film.
5|1142|Gets a little draggy at the end but still a great adventure Sean Connery film. Generally anything with Sam Neill,Scott Glenn and Sean Connery would be worth the watch. Baldwin appears to be sleep-walking.
5|14666|THIS IS THE BEST MOVIE EVER DONE! I loved it, and have seen if Four times while in the theater. THANKS FOR SUCH A GREAT MOVIE!
5|8600|That movie was almost the funniest movie i have eva seen! It's really great! I lOvE rIcHaRd 4 LyF!!!
5|12798|Fast food is like cigarettes...we all know they it's bad for you but I still see people doing it. McDonald's would go out of business forever (hooray!) if we stopped going there. It amazes me that people don't consider fighting to get 'good health' back back on the menu.
1|2333|Anyone who thinks Brendan Fraser is funny needs a lobotomy.
5|13486|This film is so poinient. The characters are built up beautifully and you really feel the hurt and friendship that is portrayed in the film. This must be one of the best things that Stephan King has written, its so sensitive, makes you laugh and makes you cry. Phoenix River was outstanding in this. Its hard to believe he was 16. I think he's still missed as he was a very talented actor. His younger brother Joquin is following that. 
5|22883|Way better than the first one... alot more action... and i don't even like the comics... until i saw the movie :)
5|12940|This movie totally pulled the viewer into it. It keeps you puzzled as to whether or not the main character did the crime he was accused of. The ending is terrific.
5|23545|The best comic book movie ever. The story and characters were WAY better than the first film. The villan (Doc Ock) was cooler and more better-looking compared to the villan in the first movie. I HIGHLY reccommend this film wether you're a Spider-Man fan or not.
5|19815|maybe everybody's wondered at one time or another about that coincidence of the two 28 day cycles... one being the moon (roughly) and the other being... well, when ginger says i got the curse, you figure it out. this was a concept that nobody ever seemed to have explored in film, maybe because they were afraid it couldn't be handled tastefully enough to maintain audience interest. all i know is that i loved this movie. it was sharp, dark, well-paced, painfully real, had great fx, and never lost momentum. it amusingly uses horror to handle a normal phenomenon, just blowing it out of proportion as werewolfism, the rising of the animal influence in adult life that causes us to leave childhood innocence, and sometimes friends and siblings temporarily behind. the great thing about it is that like 'raiders of the lost ark' it can be deadly serious or just great cinematic entertainment. i strongly recommend it, the cast, producers and writers did an excellent job.
5|17838|Kubrick is awesome!!!!! Nicholson too!!!!!
5|5873|Powerful and rich portrait of T.E. Lawrence, and one of the deepest character portraits in cinema. I love the way you see him coming unglued during some of the violent scenes. Superb music score.
1|13617|This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It tries too hard to be deep and artsy 
5|10831|Kevin Smith is of course my favorite writer director. This was a great was of saying goodbye to the askewniverse. It will be greatly missed. Society need someone who is not afraid to make fun of both it and himself. Only downside to this film is for those who haven't seen all of the others and won't understand all the inside jokes.
5|157|A thriller without supermen gentlemen! Good! :o)
5|23237|harry potter is not a nerd
5|7916|Another Bill Murray classic! Humor is a mix of slapstick and dialogue. The plot is a good one, and it is obvious why two more sequels were made plus the well-executed comic spinoffs. The remaineder of the cast is well-rounded and the laughs keep coming. Highly recommended!
1|19448|Jeepers Creepers why did you kill my peepers? This was a horrible movie that made no sense.The premise could have made for a good movie but didn't execute.A sequal is due later this year.Save your money!
5|15785|What a great movie! The cast of this movie kicked some major ass!!! I went out and bought this movie the day it came out. Once again Johnny Depp rules!!
5|22129|the plot is very interesting and imaginative. i love this movie
5|143|I hate to give any horror movie a great rating because I hate them all but in terms of being very good at being scary and at the same time quite interesting as a story and well done I have to give 5 stars to Silence of the Lambs. Very intriguing story, and very scary especially when she is down in the basement of that house and it's pitch black and she's scrambling around trying to get her bearing and he's stalking her slowly with his night vision goggles on. Oh man that could give you a heart attack just thinking about being down there yourself under those conditions.
5|5867|This is a true blockbuster. See if you agree with me that the climax of the film is the massacre scene with Arthur Kennedy saying, Jesus Wept! The film-maker does a good job developing the character of one of that weird set of Brits, the Arabist.
5|13492|Stand by Me is a great movie because each character is developed so well. We really get to know the boys and to empathize with their experiences. Even though my childhood was very different from any of those characters, I felt that I was able to understand what they were going through.
5|12954|Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman did an excellent acting job. The plot was well executed and the script was ingenius. At the end of the film you felt good. A solid film. The scene atop the roof with the beer was the best.
5|5697|one of the better made movies. Just as great today as years ago. I saw this at first as a teenager and so did my daughter. The movie is a bit different from the book but it is well cast with Vivian Leigh as Scarlett, and Clark Gable as Rhett.A very long movie if you have a good four hours to spare but worth it. Well done in every way.
1|22390|Terrible sequel to the much better 1979 film. The only things that aren't so bad about it are seeing Wilt in barbarian gear and the Asian guy, the shaman who hangs out with Conan : his real name is Mako, with the incredibly cool voice.It's awful otherwise
5|22667|Good plot. Characters played out good. Used to love X-Men six years ago. I thought the movie would suck but I was drawn back into it.
5|7080|Mel Brooks and Gene Wilder's best. Put. The candle. Back.
1|5306|is it bleedin aagghhwwww www www?! -dastardly lion
5|1397|This movie rocked. Tia Carrere is fine. Arnold is really buff. The action was good, too.
5|15975|This is one seriously good movie because for me it prooves to people how much of an under-rated actor Tom Cruise really is. For those of you that think hes just a celebrity and can't act I'd advise you to watch this movie and see if you have the same opinion after.
5|21408|Best of the Series
5|18289|The first Nightmare will always be the best. The story behind the story (told later in New Nightmare) holds true to this day. If you don't keep the monster alive by telling and retelling his story, true monsters will be found among us. This is something believed by many. I can personally say that Freddy scared the bejesus out of me the first time I saw it. Now, it's more like comedy to me, but the original had some serious horror to it. Freddy's one liners became a joke after this movie, but truly, I hid my eyes alot during this first one and not just because I was only 16 years old at the time.
5|20716|I thought this movie really did a good job of portraying a traditional King to move into a more modern era. I like the romance and the humor in this music movie.
1|24093|The lone star is for Jenny and her hot everything. I'd rather see the AFLAC goose star in a movie than that Affleck. Ben, acting, not your thing.
5|19183|Scary Movie....Hellraiser is awesome in all the above.
5|3594|Very inspiring and suspenseful. Love Carman!
1|9528|was not impressed with the movie at all
5|20702|I loved all the songs in this movie. The Captain's children were all sorts of ages, and it was easy to read and understand their thoughts when compared to your own thoughts and experiences at that age. The scenery was beautiful and the story was great.
5|15961|I love this movie. Sean Penn and Michelle Pffifer are knockouts, and the screenplay is heartbreaking.
5|24564|they shot this outside my apartment for a while, so i had some personal interest in it. trivia fact: the cops' badges read nowhere city. nifty! this movie is a lot lighter than all the other versions of this story, and guy pearce is a lot more accessible than george pal or the cheesy mustache guy who played the inventor in the 70s version. also, his character gets a name, and the dinner party guests who were known only by their professions in the book are subtracted. there's a new romance, and a best buddy character, who were both played well. the morlocks are very scary and their hive is reminiscent of scenes from aliens , very well constructed and shot. the eloi are sleepy sun people who play angels to the morlocks' devils, and illustrate i think compellingly the flaws of a society that is entirely innocent and positive while still being more desirable than the alternative. why they were apparently based on the maori is unknown to me. it's not a movie huge on action, but the drama and the wonder are still there, even as jeremy irons's super-evil baddie slithers and sulks his way around the screen. it reminds me of those great old mgm classics, a fine family picture for a quiet evening at home.
5|22115|This has to be one of my favorite movies of all time. Although the plot left certain questions, that doesn't defeat the fact that it is a film that requires you to use your mind and in depth analysis. It could be a possible situation we might be faced with in the future. It also made a cinematic effect that could awe audiences for ages. br I might add that the film also provided a lot of in depth context more to the man vs. machine situation. To Philosophy for example... the Allegory of the Cave and Light by Plato could be parallelised to the situation of the Matrix to the Real World. In terms of Christian Theology, we know that Neo had come to save the world according to the Oracle. Neo means new but if you unscramble the letters it forms One . Why did they name one character Trinity ? And there is one bastard that betrayed them?... hm... 
1|10336|This movie is surprising bad. Jack Nickelson is a good actor, but even his acting could not save this piece of junk. Kathy Bates, a fine actress, is the only other bright spot in this otherwise dull and unwitty clunker. I did like the monolouge narration of Nickelson for his adopted son, but over-all, I was very disappointed with this movie.
1|20593|I hated West Side Story. It was so boring and so mindless. The acting was terrible, and there was like not one single thing that I liked about this movie!
5|7094|Classically Grand. Few comedies can touch this film. ..... 
5|12968|This movie is awsome, I watch it my first time and thought it was a very clever movie plot. 
5|619|Good movie! Good plot, good characters, good story. Great twists. Surprise ending(loved it). I didn't think I was going to like this movie. It was at someone's house so I watched it. I would watch it again, definitely.
5|5683|Epic!Powerful!Hugely entertaining!
5|17810|Way better than the TV remake.
5|4576|Great Disney release. Happy and sad but very good. One of the few children's classics.
5|11252|The cave part aws the best!!!
5|21391|The most critically acclaimed of all the Star Wars movies, it wasn't my favorite, but I liked it all the same. Deep in it's own way, and a great building up of the climax to Return of the Jedi.
1|7288|Bill Murray always manages to come up with new holidays for morons. This was one of the bottom ten worst movies I have ever managed to sit through. Absolutely and completely stupid!
5|5668|One great film. My favorite Borgart performance. If you like Bogie, you'll love this film!
5|13445|This movie made up for a lot that most of the public missed in history class. The story(not true) gave us a glimpse of so much that went on in the country for a period of time.
5|22840|This is one of the best movies out. When it first came out I was one of those people who was like OH GOD , more Harry Potter, but I was very surprised. I LOVED it, cause its not just a kids movie. I still though dont understand it when people say it makes kids want to practice witchcraft. Also people say it tells lies, well c'mon, its a fairytale type book movie. That means some things in the book are gonna be fake, just like the fairytales adults heard when they were little, not everyhting in those stories are true. But anywayz....its a really good movie. I reccomend going to see it, if you dont wanna spend the money for it in the theaters (cause movies in theaters are so expensive now), rent it when it comes out on video. Its surprisingly really good!!Some parts in the movie arent all good for little little kids, like in one part, I cant believe they swore, I was like huh, what did he just say? :) Oh the main little girl in the movie (cant think of her name right now) is really cute!
5|12983|Wonderful movie and the acting - superb! Very thought provoking as well. It has a way of changing the way you view life and our particiption in it.
5|15034|i thought the movie was the best! i think its like one of those girl movies though. my brother wasnt to into it. but me and my best friend could watch that movie a million times!
1|3788|Fake propaganda. They make economy cars look like their like freaking Lamborghini's. How many domestic vehicles were in this movie compared to the import number? Interesting. I wonder how much the car companies were paid to make thier cars really fast.
5|7719|Hilarious...
5|1368|timeless movie. and how perfect was stuck in the middle with you for the ear scene?
5|13323|Though this was a gruesome movie, the message sent out was very touching. To see lives die in order to save another life is something rarely done and one that must have been hard to do. I can't believe they sent a school teacher to lead, and that the life that was spared was also the one that took more lives.
1|2496|So very, very fake.
5|17145|I expected a sappy, predictable, emotion-manipulating movie.Instead I found myself languidly moving through a story that was romantic without trying to play with the audience's emotions. Perhaps Charlotte was a little too playful to be credible when she told Will about her illness after their 1st night together, but then again, young people are known for denying their own mortality regardless of the facts. I loved the supporting characters, their lack of smugness and glibness, and their general humanity. In the hospital scene near the end, when Dolly doesn't allow herself to be denied her grief, it really broke the Hollywood formula for character resolution and 'niceness' in the face of tragedy. There were no cheap tricks and I felt hollow at the end, but life's just like that. Well done Joan!
5|2661|I can't believe how low this is. This is an awesome movie.
5|194|I think it is a tribute to the set designers, photographers and Gibson as a director that people complain about the historical accuracy of this superior epic film. Clearly, the presentation looked so realistic that some think the story was meant to be equally as realistic. Not exactly true; the William Wallace of legend is the subject here, not the Wallace of history. Wallace is a legendary leader in Scotland in much the same way that Davy Crockett is in the US; both have had their deeds exaggerated. In any case, Braveheart is one of the finest films I have ever seen and is also one of the most exciting and satisfying.
5|18276|A cool vampire movie, very entertaining. It has a few funny parts in it, not real scary, but a good movie.
5|19168|Mr. Pink has this movie discription down perfect it is a great low-buget movie it is among my top ten I try to watch it anytime i get a chance. I first watched it at a friends house the later i rented it and watched it all 5 nights I also highly reccomend it to anyone who has a good sense of humor and well anyone who likes good movies. Send more police... -Smart Zombie
5|4210|i thought that this was THE CUTEST MOVIE EVER!! how could anyone not cry... i would easly recomend this movie to any one and everyone=)
1|8811|How can they call this a comedy? I don't think I laughed one time. Sure Wayne and Garth were funny on SNL but the movie is horrible.
5|2675|This is the most insane movie in thw world. The girls are hot and Nicholas Cage is an awsome acter. Get it on DVD. I bought it the first day it came out. If your in to cars then you should go get this right now. If your not in to cars, then you should go get this right now. Great movie!
5|11520|I enjoyed American Pie 2. The sequel to this teenage comedy, seemed to have more heart than the first one, where everything was about teenagers and their wild adventures. Don't get me wrong, the sequel had the same expected humour impact, but a bit more sensitive. If you thought you got to know the characters really well in the previous movie, this one actually goes deeper into their true feelings and exhibits their emotions at a better level conclusive level. By the end of the film you know that American Pie 2 provided a close to all characters and relationships, therefore making it very hard for a next sequel. Overall, I was pretty satisfied, and even surprised with the outcome of American Pie 2, since I had much lower expectations from it.
5|14458|Great freaking movie! Timeless tale of the underdog, all you have to do is tell it again and again in different situations with great acting (or maybe even so so acting) and you've got a hit. Just look at all the different versions of this story, Chariots of Fire, Rudy, Rocky, Raging Bull, on and on the list could go even to such stretches as It's a Wondeful Life (he's an underdog). You make a film with a fella whose never gotten a fair break in life who scrapes his way to the top to win and you've got yourself a winner. Of course it didn't hurt that this film had some of the best actors of our time in it like Gene Hackman, Dennis Hopper, and let's not forget the lovely Barbara Hershey.
5|13337| what can I say about this movie every thing that you want it in a movie is there i'll tell a thing hapend with me in the movies when i was watching this movie when the massenger man didn't help his freind I SWERE every one in the cienma that show yeld and shouted to help his friend because all of us were completly living the movie. 
5|9046|This is THE BEST comedy and an ode to Chris Farley.
5|13451|Intriguing way to portray the 50's-80's via a nice but naive Forrest Gump. I liked this movie though I am more into other genres such as comedy.
5|22854|Better than the first one. I am not a superhero cartoon fan. I never read any comics. But I think this movie is a lot of fun. And even if you don't like those kind of movies, you might wanna try this one out. It is really good.
5|6375|This is my favorite Audrey Hepburn movie! I love it so much.
5|12997|Shawshank is one of the few movies I can watch again and again. It's just as good every time.
5|23592|A great movie.
5|8358|This is just a great movie, if you look beyond humor.
1|23065|I would've been really depressed after seeing this movie if I actually cared. Probably someone born after 1985 might think this is high art, since crappy movies were the norm by then, but thinking it don't make it so. Lucas should give the money back for this one.Did noone see the stark resemblance in plot to the first movie? I'm supposed to believe a 6-year old can fight in a space battle? You mean Darth Vader grown up and chasing Luke down the Death Star trench doesn't have a flash of deja vu and say, hmm.. maybe I'm not gonna win this after all...this reminds me of when I was a kid... Darth Maul came and went, but Jar Jar wouldn't go away. I couldn't make heads or tails out of the murky political subplot. It sucked even more than Howard the Duck
5|4562|One of the best movies ever made.
5|17637|A beautiful film, crafted by a master - Kieslowski. A polish director working in France, tells a story through the eyes of Juliette Binoche's character, a woman who has lost her husband and child in a terrible car accident. It deals with her grief and how she rebuilds her life. The music is outstanding.
5|18504|I will someday be known as the 1st film with that actor who played Stu (the bland guy who is one of the killers). Great action- he's in a Branagh film now.
5|2113|One of the best action movies I've ever seen. Too bad the sequel sucks.
5|13479|There should be more movies like this one-a simple, compelling story that you will remember always. What drew me into this story is that it reminds me of childhood adventures. Although I am a female and this story is all boys, I very much identified with childhood friendships and adventures. I would see more movies if they left me with the wonderful feeling this movie does. Most movies leave me with a feeling of alienation and lost values. My all time favorite movie!
5|14316|I was not disappointed at all in Fight Club! I went in not knowing anything about the film, and came out satisfied with the acting, the themes (underlying and apparent) as well as the twists. I think I am a rather observant person, however I was totally caught off guard with the twist of this movie. I thought it was a thought provoking and raw look into the life of this ordinary man.
1|11799|Hmmm...well I'm not a chick-flick person, so I didn't like it.
5|15008|Catch me if you can was a very cool story. I thought it was very enjoyable with well developed characters.
1|11941|Third-rate remake of a truly great original movie. Tom Hanks put in his usual unconvincing performance, and in this case, that bogus Southern accent he tortured the audience with was really annoying. Crass, broad, vulgar attempt at humor. Peter Sellers and Alec Guinness must be thrashing about wildly in their tombs.
1|24722|What a dsiappointment. Tomb Raider was ripe to be a blockbuster movie with a built-in story line from the game. This should have been this generation's Indiana Jones series , but they screwed it up bigtime!
1|12290|This movie is absolutely awful. It deserves no stars. Truly, it sucks!
5|10170|This movie is not just good as a teen comedy, it is a great movie! It's so funny, and Alicia Silverstone is perfect as the rich Beverly Hills girl. A classic movie, I'll always watch it if it's on TV.
5|5654|Great movie, mainly because of the interraction between Hepburn and Bogart. You feel like you are part of the ride as they go up the river.
1|24044|Video Games should never be made into movies. Look at Super Mario Brothers.
5|7725|Maybe I just lean towards black humor.
5|12001|I haven't seen this movie. But, I saw a lot of ads for it. And I think it looks pretty good. Mandy Moore is a good actress anyway. But this movie really takes teenage life in a whole different way. She's afraid of love until a special man comes into her life. I like the story line.
5|14470|His mother was me! I loved the innocence of that time. Beautifully done. Kate Hudson was the essence of the era.
5|1354|This is a very good movie. The plot is like no other. Not too many directors could make a movie like this work, but this is done perfectly. There is never a moment where you can tell what will come next. Great movie.
1|16790|One of the most disappointing movies I can recall. Jack gave the worst performance of his career and it was a herendously slow boring movie. Character development is one thing but just showing a guy fishing isn't really entertaining. The first ten minutes were exciting and then I guess Penn decided all the action was used up. My friend that watched it with me, fell asleep for the first time ever watching a movie in the theater. If you haven't seen it, make a pledge to yourself not to do so.
5|9708|Great romantic comedy. Will Smith showed he's a great comedic actor and Eva Mendes looked great and was his equal in a smart and very funny date movie. This movie made me laugh and smile and was thoroughly enjoyable. An enthusiatic Thumbs Up!
5|7731|Great movie- dark, intelligent, and humorous.
1|20236|This is probably the second worst movie I've seen in a long time. I watched it with two other people and they both thought the same. The storyline is bad, simple-minded, and unexploited. The characters were weak, and the supporting actresses/actors were bad. The action/fighting scenes weren't very good either. But that's not even the worst part. The dialogue was literally laughable (the sort you would expect from a weak story-lined action movie ten years ago). Here's one example: Let's just kick some ass! It's what we do best. Even the background music was dis-tasteful, imagine theme music from the game Quake 2, except much much worse. I would recommend saving your money and not going to see this one... if anything wait until it comes out on video. 
5|12015|Funnies thing Adam Sandler has done in a long time. Kudos to him.
5|8402|Why is this movie not at least in the top twenty. Every scene makes you laugh at least once, some require you to rewind because you were laughing so much you missed some of the jokes. Shame on all of you who gave this movie less than four stars.
5|2649|excellent suspense thriller. very graphic, fine acting by hauer and howell. just when you think it's stopped... who knew hbo was good for anything? he couldn't walk very far. why not? because i cut off his legs. and his arms. and his head. and i'm going to do the same to you. kids, don't pick up hitchhikers, especially if they want to die and take a lot of people with them. that dialogue was spoken in a car with a drop of rain hanging like his sanity off of rutger hauer's nose, in a thunderstorm, in the middle of nowhere. for atmosphere, you just can't beat it.
5|3557| High Crimes sends the viewer on a rollercoaster of emotions, from sadness to fear to shock to alarm, the movie is never, ever boring! Ashley Judd and Morgan Freeman are stellar (as always) and Jim Caviezel gives a powerful and convincing performance.
5|19140|It is one of the bloodiest movies I have ever seen. Wesley Snipes is a very good actor. He needs to come out with Blade 2, 3, 4, 5. They will be tight.
5|16273|This movie is a work of art. The way it was shot in yellows and blues was great to illustrate the emotions buiding up. It shows how people will kill each other over ignorance.
5|20919|Really wonderful film! It's so visually stunning to watch, full of vibrant, colourful costumes and scenery. On top of that the music is fun and addictive, mostly adapted from famous pop songs, used in new and inventive ways. Ewan McGregor and Nicole Kidman are perfect together, and I was really surprised at how well they performed vocally!
5|802|With that wonderful twist ending and one of the best juvenile actor performances ever by Haley Joel Osment, this movie ranks as one of the all-time best for me.
1|23059|I wish there was a rating lower than terrible.....
5|16515|I'm still kind of digesting this movie, but I loved it. Parts of it were slow, parts of it were contrived, but I found the whole thing together touching and funny and odd. Loved the Bowie soundtrack with the Portuguese accoustic versions, played by a character in the film, just awesome. I don't really know what else to say - just a really creative and cool movie modeled loosely off the old Jacque Cousteau documentaries, with a crazy storyline set against a sailor / explorer starting to get old.
5|5898|The best film ever made, all in it is insuperable
5|18538|Not only was Scream a thriller, but it was also very funny. The movie was made toward college students also.
1|12284|This stinker was so far below Dustin Hoffman it is hard to imagine WHAT he was thinking when he agreed to take the part. Beatty, on the other hand, is another story entirely. This film is only slightly above Plan 9 from Outer Space - and, in Ed Wood's defense, at least he had the excuse of a low budget.
5|22868|Amazing effects... and the ending was great. I hope they'll bring in more characters in the next movie;)
5|1426|Talk about a trip through Hell! Apocalypse Now is both real and surreal and most definitely devastating. This movie captured the overall mood of the Viet Nam era with all its emotional turmoil, political insanity and feeling of emptiness more completely than any other film I have ever seen. I saw it when it was first released and sat there wondering for awhile why the theater seemed so odd. Then it suddenly occurred to me as I was leaving that nobody in the place had moved, spoken or even gone to the bathroom for the last hour of the show.
5|7057|This movie ultimately resulted in me getting fired from my summer job in High School. Like Ferris, I began doing fun and interesting things instead of wasting my time in a place I didn't want to be. I went canoeing, I went golfing, I took roadtrips. Unlike Ferris, I was held accountable for my actions, and was fired.
5|12834|Even a non-Muhammad Ali and Norman Mailer fan(like me), can look forward to seeing them shoot off their big mouths in this epic,particularly given how Ali and Foreman have changed since this fight of the century when the world stood still.
5|15183|Jerry McGuire was not only a cute movie, but a romantic one as well.
5|5907|Vertigo is, without a doubt, the pinnacle of Alfred Hitchcock's film career and probably the greatest film ever made! It is a whirpool of obsession that holds you spellbound from start to finish! And what better leading players than America's every man, James Stewart and the biluptuous Kim Novak? Movies don't come like this anymore.
1|13005|can't stand gangster-type films
5|17794|HOLY CRAP, that was a terrifying movie!!! That should be #1!!! 
5|745|It was a great movie and is becoming a classic. One of those movies you'd enjoy to see again. I saw this movie in high school because my teacher loved it too.
5|40|it kicked some butt!!!!!
5|11483|ohhhhh my gosh! This was SUCH a great movie! Jennifer Lopez was REALLY good in it. It was really romantic, yet funny. If you haven't seen it yet, do it NOW!! It was sooooo good!
5|21540|So cool!
5|10945|Ok I am weird, I accept that. This show got my sides aching, it was so hysterical. I still married my husband, inspite of his opinion that this movie was not funny, but stupid. My favorite funny movie.
5|13294|This was a really amazing movie. It was so realistic you almost feel like you're there. It's not a movie for the weak stomached as it is a little gorey in some parts. Everyone in this movie does a great job and though it is a long movie it keeps you interested all the way through. Definitely worth seeing.
5|13280|This rating is on the movie only- not Speilberg's politics. Im suprised someone rated it 1 just because of politics. Anyway, theis is one fabulous movie. The special effects are great, the story gripping. Tom Hanks again puts on a flawless act. The ending battle is pretty good, so's the beggining, with little battles in between. A must see.
5|15829|kate Winslet is profeesional and talented, and movie with her in it is a winner.
5|7862|I thought As Good As It Gets was an excellent movie. Besides the usual corny, slapstick humor of most comedies, I thought this movie really portrayed the characters as unique, quirky, caring individuals. I loved the movie so much that I went out and bought it.
1|12469|I don't understand why they felt they had to make this again when it has already been made memorable in Gene Wilder's film. And a classic version it was too.
5|5913|A stage play adapted very well to the screen. A fine cast, led by Grant in a bravura, over the top performance, make this one of the funniest movies ever made, even, perhaps especially, on repeat viewings. Hell, its Halloween, I think I'll watch it tonight. 
5|21232|This musical movie is a definite must see. It appears mostly to the younger crowds because of its rocking sound track written originality by the Who. It is a pretty absurd topic therefore it will keep you entertained and interested. How can you not be interested in the deaf dumb and blind kids who is obssesed with pinball.
5|17958|What a thoroughly brilliant and creepy movie. It's rare that I find a movie in which I can become totally engrossed. The Exorcist definently held my attention. The occult in itself has always, in some way, interested me and the way it was portrayed here was simply fascinating. There was this unexpected mix of unadulterated fright and an eerie sort of thoughtfulness that held me silent at the movie's end. Thoughtfulness, you say? How so? Well, one can't really ignore the powerful and symbolic image of this young girl, once so innocent and in a way unaffected by the outside goings-on of the world, being so overcome with pure and complete evil. Evil that that was so powerful she seethed with it(due in part, im sure, to a wonderful performance by Linda Blair), had it flowing through every self inflicted cut, every slow and purposeful outake of breath.The beginning was slow, but I believe that too was very well executed. In those early moments, one is filled with a wonderful sense of suspense.
5|989|I gave Platoon a great rating because the movie was very well directed. From the actors that played the roles, to the storyline, it was all good. This is one of my favorite movies.
5|17780|Easily the scariest flick I've ever seen...though the second half or so is pure slasher, what I found scariest were the scenes which showed Michael stalking around in the middle of the daytime. Very creepy.
5|12820|Not enough is made of this. Wow. Truth really is better than fiction. This is possibly the greatest story I know of - AND IT'S TRUE! Haven't read the book though. I should've done that first. Great movie. Unbelievable story.
5|14289|it was ironic and very strange, I had no clue what was going on untill the end, very confusing but if you think about it, the story's very good. bizzare ending, who would've known? good film
5|23425|I enjoyed this movie because of all the aspects of life this movie portrays. The whole meaning fo the Fifth Element is that life is not possible without the forces of love. The costumes were original, action and plot were extraordinary, and the directors view of our world in the future is very critical of our lifestyle today.
1|10518|Pointless child-like craziness. I could never even begin to imagine that this would ever happen off the silver screen.
5|15197|Great story and great actors. It has a lot of heart. I hope to see Bridges and Cooper up for Oscars.
5|19785|dudes this is the greatest movie ever and i luv jason i hope he kills everybody in the next muvie an i am so glad he killed freddy cuz freddy sux GO JASON
5|17970|A classic film that was revolutionary. This film, although older than me, scared me to death and I was amazed art how good this film was.
5|12808|Throughout this marvel of a movie I kept thinking 'this is insane,' 'there's got to be a better way'--what these penguins go through was somewhat hard to watch: as winter approaches they wobble 70 miles to thick enough ice for breeding; then after passing off eggs to males, the famished females walk the 70 miles back to sea to get food and come back to feed babies; meanwhile, males go 120 days with no food, staying huddled thru brutal, pelting ice storms; these treks go on for 9 months of the year before going back 'home' to sea; though the movie sensitively handles the dead stragglers, prey, eggs, and chicks, it will be sad for children--not that that's a bad thing; stay for closing credits to see clips of how both panoramic and close-up shots were taken. Morgan Freeman narrates.
5|1585|All the girls in my class had pictures in their notebooks and were yelling (really yelling) stuff like JOHNNY DEPP IS HOT IN THIS MOVIE! and they weren't joking! But I still liked the movie even because I don't think it was ment to be about teenyboopers but about pirates.
5|22713|I thought X-Men was a good movie because of all the action scenes and a pretty interesting plot. Good acting from all the characters.
5|22075|Best of the three - Agent Smith was worth the price of admission.
5|24404|i saw this here movie just last night at one of them there dollar theaturs in my town and i got to say i think it was just a great movie. i am a big big fan of david duchovny so i was real excited to see him in this movie. and it is so funny. and it is just real intennse. and i liked it so much and cant even wate to get this movie on video. i aslo liked the make 7up yours guy that was in the movie. the aliens were kind of scarey but not nearly as scarey as the ones i seen in real life back in 98.
5|20662|Grease is the universal musical. It's silly, no one admits to watching it, but everyone knows the words.
5|5085|Totally moving and funny. It's great to get in touch with old school times while watching this. UPDATE: I don't want to trash talk D J, but you haven't seen closely the asthetics of this movie. I'm a fan of Fat Al in general and I loved the show since I had cable and it was on the USA network in the 1980's. Any fan of him and Bill Cosby will somehow want to see a movie based on his shows.
5|2932|it was outstanding i recomend it to anyone . VERY realistic GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5|68|One of the Best movies ever and one of my favorates. Loved the Indiana Jones Trilogy and this movie was the best of the three. A true masterpiece. Ford establishes a nice character to Indiana Jones. The kind of movie you can't just see once.
1|23850|One of the only films where I walked out of the theatre within half an hour.
5|2926|Excellent disaster movie. I am a fishing-lover and I have experienced storms, waves, unexpected catch (much smaller sharks), etc. Highly recommended for fishermen and fishing-lovers!
5|22061|the greatest !! Star Wars is silly kid stuff compared to this classic.
5|9873|This is a hilarious movie. It's one of my favourites. The way it takes the piss out of movies such as I Know What You Did Last Summer and Scream is really comical. Definitely worth the watch.
1|5266|biggest load of s*&t I've ever had the misfortune to see in my entire life
5|23419|I love this movie, my favorite sci-fi. bruce willis is very good and cool. very lovable movie
5|1591|great movie. great entertainment
5|24376|This movie scared the heck out of me. The story was creepy, and the idea of being trapped on a haunted Spaceship is just to interesting of a plot development.
5|19949|I love Barbra Hershey. In this movie, you have to feel for her charactor. The movie is based on a true story, which means they took a police report, witness statements, plantiff testimony, etc., and blew it out of proportion to make the movie. They did outstanding at it. Truly scary at times..... think about it. How would it feel to be raped by a ghost and have no way to prove it????
5|10038|Adorable and hilarious.
5|17757|No matter how old it may be, it's stil one of the greatest spine-tinglers ever created. Even the most courageous will still look behind him if he/she watches this one in the dark of night. Donald Pleseance is great in any role she plays. Jaime Lee was perfect because, let's face it......if John decided to just put some bimbo up there, it would look really stupid. Such a great soundtrack too. John really knew how to set the mood. Only few have reached the acclaim status of this masterpiece.
5|2073|I loved this film 
5|4402|This is my favorite movie so far this year!
5|11326|This movie may be rated PG, but the humor is definitely not geared toward children. Of course, neither was Pee Wee s Playhouse for the most part. One of the most creative, quirky and unique films ever made, Pee Wee s Big Adventure remains hilarious after 16 years. Many of the lines are burned in my memory not only from having watched this film many times but also because Pee Wee and this movie were so widely imitated at the time and well into the early 90 s. It s strange how some people seemed to forget how funny this movie was and how much they enjoyed it after Ruebens was caught attempting to cause himself to go blind in that Florida theater. Hugh Grant wasn t really doing much better than that himself once upon a time and it seemed to only boost his popularity. Hmmmmm. Well, I have no plans to marry either one of them, so I guess I m still free to enjoy their work.
5|15140|A true commentary on the duality of the sexes. Just Brilliant!
5|13531|Man was this a good movie. Sam Mendes - first time director - he is the big thing for the future. He directed this marvelously, and came up with a well-crafted, brilliant, sad, movie. It's music is perfect, it's acting is perfect, it's script is absolutely brilliant, and Sam Mendes' directing is great. It thoroughly deserved its Oscars, and will prove to be a classic in 10 years time, most likely making it onto top 100 film lists all around the world, I would say it will be on AFIs. I bought in on VHS, you should too. See it. I found nearly NO flaws in it. Almost perfect. I watched this with an audience, and they laughed, they were shocked, this is such a great movie. Summary: PERFECT AND BRILLIANT. WILL BECOME A CLASSIC. 
5|22934|I liked it. A nice slice of british life. Actually a great piece of sci-fi, that's why it's in this category.
5|6215|Excellent film noir, one of the best ever made. Great script and terrific performances by Joseph Cotten, Vali, Trevor Howard and especially Orson Welles. The cinematography gives the right mood, and no way could this movie have been made years later in color. The zither music is unique, unfortgettable but fitting.
5|9640|It's not supposed to stimulate your mind, but it's a damn funny movie. Stills makes me laugh harder then any other movie.
5|13257|Great acting. Great script. Great characters.
5|6573|This is an excellent (and inspirational) story of a family on the homefront during World War Two. I say this film is a worthwhile way to spend three hours. Forget the popcorn, and have some tissues handy!
1|3824|I like both Jolie and Banderas (See Banderas in the 13th Warrior!), but NOT in this movie! While the film lamely tries to show a destructive relationship, the plot line is so preposterous that it does a disservice to both these budding stars. For your wallet's own good, skip this turkey.
5|14538|I thought Cast Away was a good movie. Tom Hanks as good as a man who worked for FedEX. His plane crashes and he ends up on a tiny deserted island. He has to find a way to survive for the next four years. He opens one of the FEDEX boxes that washed to shore and finds a volley ball he decorates and calls it Wilson.The only thing he has to talk to. His hope of getting rescued to get back to his girlfriend. This movie has drama, humor, and sadness for the main character.i do not want to give too much away. This movie is a little too long. We found it too be a good movie.
5|9898|FUNNY AS HELL! 
5|20845|I rented this movie a year or so ago and had completely forgotten how compelling the story was and how incredibly well made the movie was. The acting, the production numbers, the cinematography, the historical context were all amazing. It hasn't lost an ounce of the impact it made 30-plus years ago when it was thought to be a shocking movie.
5|4364|I still do my Sloth impression at ball games. It will get quiet for a moment and I'll belt out a "Hey you guys!" or a "Baby? Baby... Ruth?"
5|21583|I love the Lord of the rings! While, as stated many other itmes on these pages, the movies did not stick completely to the books, it was excelent. I loved every aspect of the enitre movie and love the two towers as well. I can't wait for the third enstallment to come out this christmas. Peter jackson did an excelent job portraying the true heart of the story and all of the actors did excellent as well. I got the FOTR movie for christams and now the film is worn out if that tells you anything about how good it is!
5|10986|Hilarious! This has to be one of the funniest movies of 2000. Martin Lawrence can still make a seemingly tired old routine (a man in drag) into a winner. Though the laughs and jokes are somewhat crude, they'll leave you red with laughter so long as you have a sense of humour. The storyline of Big Momma's House isn't at all outlandish and further adds to the appeal of Martin's comedic performance. Nia Long also does a pretty good acting job here, playing the daughter who comes home to Big Momma not suspecting that it really is Martin under all that make up.
5|2715|Engrossing from start to finish - exellent film
5|4370|A great film that gets more and more entertaining each time I watch it. For a kid's movie , I thought that the characters were really well developed and the actors did a fine job of portraying them. A great story of humor and adventure.
5|20851|I love this film! The cinematography explains so much detail and captures the life of the protagonists. The music, instead of how it's worked into the storyline normally in musicals, is done soely in the Cabaret (leaving out some good songs), so there is a more natural feeling. This is the only movie with Liza Minelle that she doesn't come across as just a horrible actress.
5|11454|This was a wonderful movie. I saw it with my 15 yr old daughter and couldn't stop laughing! The characters are wonderful. It is very refreshing without the usual violence and gratuitous sex scenes. Teenagers will love it, at least mine did. I may go see it again, I hear I missed something when I left during the end credits. Even from the opening credits, it was so creative and fun. 
5|21597|Finally, after waiting much longer than I'd intended, I saw Fellowship of the Ring and was thoroughly impressed. I first read the trilogy many years ago and have read it numerous times since. I doubted that any movie could come even close to the magic and power of the books; however, Peter Jackson has succeeded in being very true to Tolkien's creation. Most of the changes were simply omissions, and surely no one could have expected every part of the book could be included in a 3-hour movie. Although not all of the cast lives up to my own vision of the characters, I thought they were excellent and created their own very genuine versions of the characters they played. I agree with several of the points made by JayS but definitely disagree with the conclusion he makes in Update . I have read and appreciated the trilogy for a very long time but was not annoyed by the movie at all -- in fact, I enjoyed it thoroughly and can hardly wait for the release of The Two Towers.
5|19008|This movie rocks. Bar Scene is great. If it wasnt for high budget Lost Boys, this would be THE horror movie of 1987. I highly recommend this to all fans of the scary movie.
5|97|Great film, really creepy and scary.
5|13243|Loved it! Tom and Dustin both did beautiful jobs portraying Raymond and Charlie. I totally believed that Dustin Hoffman was like that, even though he wasn't.
5|6567|James Dean reminds me of myself, when I was growing up. It was a fast paced movie with a youthful, rebellious attitude towards society and especially in regard for the law.
1|3830|A friend and I got together and hacked this movie to absolute pieces. Anyone over 12 years old that thinks this film was worth 10 cents is delirious. This was an embarrassment and a poor effort to detail on the director's part. Way, way out there and far fetched! Hand-to-hand combat while aboard a motorcycle going 100 mph, come on now! The acting was poor and almost hilarious at times, even though this film was not supposed to be a comedy. Just an absolute waste of time. -1 star would be a gift for this nonsense!
5|1208|I love this movie. The cast is phenomenal, the dialog is very entertaining, and the storyline is too cool. One of Tarantinos 3 best (True Romance and Resevoir Dogs being the other 2). And yes, I am a little twisted. LOL
5|23380|Excellent acting and inventive screenplay provide for fine entertainment. Carrey is Oscar-worthy, as is Kate Winslet.
1|20418|I haven't seen Part II of the Blair Witch Project but I'm going to predict that it's just as lousy as the first one. Like The Others this gem needs to be removed from the horror category
5|13525|I have mixed feelings as to how this movie should rank against the greatest movies of all time. I mean, I love it, but that's because I can relate to Lester in many ways. It's hard for me to see how a woman would relate to wanting to be with 17 year old cheerleaders, but it's still high on the list on this site.
5|9132|This was a really awesome movie, and for some reason, that really was suprising to me. I always thought Jack Black was funny, and loved all his movies, but they were always despised by critics. When I heard about this movie, I thought this sounds great, too bad the critics will hate it. I was suprised when I picked up my Entertainment Weekly and saw an A. Then I saw more A's and couldn't believe it. I said to myself, I have to see this movie! I did, and wow, it was one of my favorites all year. What suprised me was that it was a good family film despite its PG-13 rating. Be sure to check it out if you get the chance. You will not be disappointed.
5|5708|Greatest American film!
5|17743|I've never understood what Mike Myers' problem was, but I bought the premise that he's evil incarnate hook line sinker. I also fell for his inability to die - a silly premise, but you believe it in this movie. Frankly, I don't know why the movie works - maybe that awesome, simple sequenced music score, the director's use of complementary colors (orange blue), his use of suburbia as a backdrop, the fact that there are no parents anywhere around after Michael shows up on the scene - I thought the quick view of Michael under the mask wasn't necessary, but that's my only gripe. of course this one is the 1st modern slasher film (really Psycho is the 1st - compare the 2 and you'll see where Halloween's influence comes from. I'll give you a hint: think swinging light bulb). Why did Michael dress as a ghost, why the RIP headstone, why did he seem like a collector when he kills the only guy, why is he so pissed off at women, and why he won't die - I think part of the movie's effect is all these unanswered questions. Is he dead? Where did he go? Is he hiding near you?
5|18470|The best of them all.
1|20430|i would like to share my opinion....i bought the first BW video before renting an saw it because my brother age 19 at the time said it was good it scared him to death well to be honest i hated it, i was so furious about how bad it sucked, in all my life ive never seen a movie more worse then that.....so im extremely reluctant to even seeing the second one yet just earlier last year i did a little research an im not sure yet til i have proof to back this up but it could very well be that the first BW wasnt a movie, it was a real film documentary, suppose to be realistic, real life not fake.....once i have actual proof of this ill share it with you all.....after seeing the first one i did get online an write to anyone i could regarding this movie an expressed my complete regretfulness for even buying the movie, expressed how horrible i felt it was....
5|8204|Brett Fav-Ray. The final 5 minutes alone make it worth it.
5|14262|An incredible movie that came at a time when we needed it most. Tom Hanks is moving and quite amazing as the lawyer afflicted with AIDS and Denzel Washington becomes the homophobic lawyer who takes on the case. Not only does Philadelphia explore the professional prejudice against AIDS victims, it brings us into the personal world..the human side. A very touching movie and sometimes difficult to watch. I specifically remember the scene after the costume party (Washington is trying to discuss the case as Hanks sings and translates the aria) An effective scene. If I have to explain that, it was lost on you. A must see.
5|1546|This is one of the best films in the last 10 years. Infinately better than Titanic (eughhhh), and a great crime movie, L.A. Confidential is a mature thriller that delivers the goods. Very similar to Chinatown, but how could that ever be a bad thing? In my opinion, damn good. A must-see. Summary: A MATURE THRILLER THAT CERTAINLY DELIVERS THE GOODS. 
5|22908|Spielbergs perfect science fiction film. Stunning special effects, sound and cinematography are uniformly excellent. THE best film of its genre of the 1970's!! Great story, fantastic music.
5|5720|Probably some of the best casting, costumes, and sets in Hollywood history - not to mention a timeless story. Like The Wizard of Oz , it's another example of the best Hollywood has ever had or will ever have to offer.
5|18458|scream was great cuz it was fun trying to figure out who the killer was. it was entertaining
5|3351|Excellent special effects. I like the story, but I didn't understand why they named the movie Romeo Must Die.
5|962|I really like Jaws because I like when the shark eats people up. I feel that the people are really stupid and don't think.
5|19020|Creepshow is a little collection of horror stories that are put together into a movie. There are three mini stories, Father's Day, Something to Tide You Over, and The Crate. Father's Day is mediocre. That one is pretty predictable. The other two are completely original. Something to Tide You Over is like a Tales From the Crypt episode. My favorite is The Crate, which is about some monster who is realeased from a crate. Creepshow failed in thier attempt to re-make Tales From the Crypt, but collection is horror films will give you a scary and fun time!
5|16313|It's a masterpiece. Gibson did a great job. Very Biblical.
5|5046|Can't help it, loved this movie and would watch it again and again and again. I truly appreciate the moose, being from Canada and really appreciating Bob and Doug Mackenzie's homour added to this movie. Great stuff!
5|14504|The only reason people say they don't like this movie is beacuse it's either boring or stupid because he talks to a volleyball. Those people obviously can't sit for a couple of hours and witness an excellent movie. Tom Hanks gives another huge performance. Much of the film contains no dialogue, but still delivers a powerful and memorable experience.
5|7889|Hilarious if you have more than six brain cells. Incomprehensible if you have less.
5|1220|Tarantino's best and my favorite movie. Unique, thrilling, and has some of the best written dialoge ever. What else hasn't already been said. A great movie.
1|3818|Only holywood can ruin a classic like that.
1|18811|Quite possibly the worst movie ever, except maybe for Scary Movie 2. Made no sense whatsoever. I am still trying to figure out who made the videotape or how, or why the little girl was so evil.
1|20356|terrible one of the worst
5|1234|A brilliantly told nasty story. Every role is well played, the script is crisp and clever, and the direction is first rate.
1|20342|Not scary, just disgusting.
5|7645|This one is a classic! Come on. Sure the plot was a bit out of whack, but the acting and the dialogue made this movie so hilarious. My favorite scene is probably either the wedding scene at the end or when Bettlejuice is trying to get Lydia to guess his name. Michael Keaton was the perfect choice for the role of Bettlejuice. I'll always enjoy watching this movie- it's a classic! I'm the ghost with the most, babe. 
5|8576|If you see this movie, I gaurentee you will love it.
5|12161|This movie isn't going to win any awards, but I think it was a cute movie.
5|19034|Does Johnny Depp DO a bad movie???? Maybe not...
1|8781|This is a real disappointment, I was expecting a lot more from Christophor Guest and Eugene Levy. It is not a funny movie it is actually kind of sad how these people pour their entire lives into their dogs. If you have to see it wait until it shows up on cable.
5|17019|i don't understand how people could not like this movie.people look too hard to find some deep meaning, but there is none. its just a morbid, comical look at 80's yuppie lifestyles. this movie is hilarious.christian bale was the perfect person to cast for this movie. i highly recomend that you see this movie with your friends, i guarantee you will laugh your asses off.
1|8959|this was junk. it was not funny at all. and there were alot of boring parts. this was not one of Jim Carreys good movies.
5|5734|Gone w/the Wind is an eternal classic.
5|16461|This is an awesome, incredible movie!! One of the best out, and one of my favorites!! The story is almost too powerful for its own good, as the slightly emotional among us probably had trouble staying dry-eyed through parts. But, it never got overly sappy at all - never pathetic. Just a great, warm, incredible movie. Patch Adams, the man, has become one of my true to life heros.
5|7123|A great movie. Even with the racism and vulgarity, but I think that's what makes it funny. This is the best Mel Brooks movie ever. Check it out if you already haven't.
5|15168|the best romace i had seen in a while.
5|23155|Labyrinth was Jim Henson at his best in the movie industry. The puppets were works of art.
5|8947|You just KNOW they're making fun of Star Trek fans, but even being a Trekker myself, I loved this movie. The laughs don't stop!!
5|14921|This movie covered war, family and history, all things I am interested in.
5|12388|I deffinately loved this movie... I like to move it move it.. hahaha.... This is a family friendly movie, and I reccomend it to all ages... xD 
5|21742|Before I saw the Return of the King, my favourite of the trilogy was the Fellowship of the Ring. It had granduer, a sense of foreboding, and light relief to help balance the melancholy tone. The Two Towers, I felt, lacked a certain something and was hard going but this I suspect is because it was the middle film which is always going to be the hardest to portray. I wasn't sure how they would end it all. It could either be a complete flop or a piece of cinema history. Well, ROTK exceeded all my expectations and more! The pace was fast, the battle scenes exciting, but what made it for me was the very real and true friendship between Frodo and Sam. I cried with a lump in my throat when Sam sobbed at Frodo's rejection, and tears rolled down my cheeks and my heart swelled when Sam said I can't carry the ring, but I can carry you! as he slung the exhausted Frodo over his shoulder. I defy anyone not to weep at that scene. I would sit through 9 whole hours of The Lord of the Rings just to see that again. Brilliant. I only hope Elijah Wood and Sean Astin recieve the recognition they deserve. As for the rest of the cast, Aragorn was splendid, Eowyn convincingly courageous (her slaying of the fell beast and Witch King was stunning), Gimli and Legolas made the most of their short screen time and Faramir was an extremely sympathetic character. Merry and Pippin developed so as to be more than just mere comic relief. The giant Spider Shelob was terrifying, a brilliant horror scene that showed Peter Jackson's horror genre roots. But there was to me one fault and here I wholeheartedly agree with MissMellie, that a voiceover, either from Galadriel who began it, or a longer one from Frodo could have tied up the loose ends of the film more succinctly. This could have been done in ten minutes and the final scene could have been of the ship sailing for the Grey Havens. That would have been a far more satisfying ending than seeing Sam, a worthy character but not the main protagonist, shutting the door of his hobbit-hole. The first time I watched the film I didn't want it to end, the second time the ending's numerous farewells grated on me. The story already had pathos it did not need more sentimentality added. But it feels a shame to nitpick on this one thing, so congratulations to Peter Jackson and the cast members and everyone associated with the production for making my trips to the cinema so worthwhile!
1|15110|Walked out on it.
5|221|Braveheart is amazing-it isn't my type of film but when i saw it, it changed the way i thought.The pure strength of William Wallace(at least in the film if not in real life) is inspiring and makes you believe that anyone can change the world if they believe enough in it
5|547|An outstanding movie. I never understood why Ray Liotta didn't become a bigger star. I guess he never again got a script as good as this one. I'm a big fan of first-person narrative movies and this has to be my absolute favorite among them.
5|17596|The best French movie of 2000, it is a pleasure to see such a good movie, with such an excellent cast. Jean-Pierre Bacri is terrific and I would advise you to see the movie in French , if I dare to say, because there's a wonderful scene in which he speaks so well english it could scare you to death about French people... Enjoy that movie, it is typically French! 
5|16850|Billy Bob should walk away with Academy Awards for this deeply moving, awe inspiring rendition of the book. Many thanks for an uplifting evening of total entertainment.
5|21024|Pretty good music and GREAT animation.This movie made some heavy statements about war and the music business,but it's depressing.
5|15381|LOVED THE MOVIE!IT WAS COOL N ALL!ESPECIALLY FREDDRO STARR!ETC...
5|13928|This fast-paced movie kept my attention from start to finish. It tells the story of two Marines accused of killing a fellow soldier and the investigation that follows. With a gripping plot and excellent acting across the board (Tom Cruise, Demi Moore and Jack Nicholson star), A Few Good Men is a winner. My favorite scene is with Jack Nicholson in the courtroom. YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE TRUTH!
5|1963|I believe this is one of the top five movies ever made. If it has any flaws, I cannot see them, and I have seen it over thirty times. Polanski directs a masterpiece, Nicholson is masterful, subduing his usual performance, and the rest of the cast is superb. As well written a movie as I've ever seen. Amusing to see this called over-rated by people whose literary and cinematic tastes appear to be at the grade seven level of comprehension. Ah well, different strokes..... 
1|11410|This movie is a total waste of money it is so stupid. I was expecting to laugh my head off durring the movie and I didn't even laugh once and plus I fell asleep cause it was so boring, don't rent this one, it sucks big time.
5|15395|I love julia stiles!*! I want to be like her someday be an atress in a dancing movie!*! 
1|4420|I just want to know if the people that rated this movie good or great actually saw the movie. Because if you have you relize that this movie is quite horiible. True, it does take new steps in animation, but I would have to say that this movie is EXTREMELY BORING.
5|23627|This ionly goes to prove how good an actor Chuckie Heston really is. A poor script and the bad acting by others (not including Edward G.!), and a thin plot line, and yet he shines brilliantly. LIke in a lot of his flicks, he dies a memorable and believable death in this one, too. IJR says check it out!
5|553|If I could I would give it 6 stars! This movie was just awesome. Granted, it is not for people who don't pay attention. The twists and turns will leave you in the dark if you don't or can't use your head for more than a hat rack. Spacey, Byrne, Stephen Baldwin, Chaz Palmenteri, and even Del Torro were all grat in this movie. One creative script. I love it!
5|17582|A very entertaining and incredibly voilent police thriller movie starring the immortal Chow Yun Fat and made by the equally brilliant John Woo. The film was made in 1992. The plot revolves around Inspector Yuen (Chow Yun Fat) and his undercover buddy/rival Tony (Tony Leung) trying to bust some Hong Kong arms smugglers. The first scene in the movie is classic, chicken cages everywhere and THAT jumping bit with the dual sub-machine guns. Another great scene is when Yuen freestyle raps to a baby he's carrying to keep him entertained while he fights off ever more gun-toting gangsters. This is typical John Woo fare, simplistic (yet poignant, the little paper boats metaphor to life was pretty interesting, I thought) characters and bucketloads of voilence.
5|16844|Wonderful! I was emotionally enthralled from the beginning!
5|18869|This was an extremely freaky movie. Realistic? No but it deffinately made one think.
1|177|Inaccurate twaddle.
5|21030|The first time I saw this movie, I was weirded out, but now I like it alot. Very visual and strange, and with a great soundtrack too.
5|21756|This is indeed Peter's crowning accomplishment, JRR would be proud! The cinematography is superb, cast is outstanding, scenery is marvelous, special effects are awesome, and gathering of three different paths in the story line is perfect. Following the lineage of the Kings/Stewards line was accurate and poignant. The other two lines of the Hobbiton folk and filled with anxiety, drama and of course warmth. Going into the theater I was concerned that a 3:20 movie might take its toll. I was quite pleased that I didnt even notice the time. I cant wait for the 5 hour box set.
5|11695|I seen this movie last weekend, and it was so funny chris rock is hillarious. When he is the old man it is so funny. You will like this movie cause i sure did.
1|15104|Absolute WORST 2bux I wasted in a looong looooong time.....this is one god AWFUL movie with nothing redeeming in it whatsoever..Michael D is a wasted talent here in this poorly written downer of a film. I wonder if there was actually a director on the set of this TURKEY, there is simply no emotion captured whatsover. NO chemistry between ANY of the cast/characters....very boring to a lame space music score which only amplifies the lack of a original story...not a single credible character to care about...RIDICULOUS scene where Michael D (the Dad) meets up with his daughters negro junkie dealer and does NOTHING about it !! pretty DUMB when he's the head of the top federal DEA type agency with dozens of agents at his disposal. The entire plot borders on the improbable....9 count em seconds of screen time for SALMA HAYAK?? wished they would have given her a couple of actual lines to say...the junkie teenage daugher miscast she isn't very pretty or believable....whoever wrote this TERRIBLE screenplay needs to have their WGA membership taken away !! again the WORST MOST BORING DOWNER MOVIE I can remember (but would LOVE to forget) in the past 5 years easily. -----Todd Michael Wiseman -----Ohio Univ College of Cinematography Film 
5|235|This is a must-see movie!!! The climax is like WHOA!
5|23141|That was good, and funny
5|8953|GReatest movie of Jim carrey! I loved this one. it teached a lesson. it had me laughing for days!
5|13082|Probably one of the best movies you'll ever see. Words fail me in trying to express just how powerful a film this really is.
5|9495|This movie is the grossest crudest most offensive movie I ever saw. Is there anything funny about 9-year old children cursing like drunken sailors? Strangely, yes...
1|18420|what halloween should be number one not this junk
5|4199|This was a wonderful movie.It was very clean.I cried ,I laughed.It was a cute movie. With lovable characters.This movie is about Mike and skully and there monsters of course there job is to scare kids to get energy for electricity. Everyone thinks human kids are poisinous if you touch them. Then Skully finds boo(a kid).When there trying to find her door to put her back in her world Skully finds Boo is not poisonus and he grows attached to her.I would recomend it to everyone.
1|9892|Come on guys! anyone who said this movie was even worth wasting your time is crazy! I didn't think it would be the best movie , but it was sooooo stupid. All it was about was vulgur crap. it wasn't even stupid funny, it wasn't funny at all!!! it was way to childish and corny.
5|5287|Fantastic adventure! Classic story told very well in this movie. Highly recommmend.
5|23169|gr8 film. Confusing. Apparently they released a book to explain it. Must find it. I got it on DVD, and have watched it a couple of times but don't get it. I recommend watchin it though - its a gud film.
1|5070|worse movie ever 
1|19716|B-O-R-I-N-G.
5|22277|When I first saw this movie, I enjoyed it so much, I had smoke coming out of my VCR. I loved the special effects and how it all wrapped together.
5|13914|What a captivating, compelling military drama which is nearly perfect in every department. A solid story and phenominal acting alone makes this film worth watching. Jack Nicholson gave his best performance ever in this film, delivering those famous lines: You can't handle the truth! . His acting prior to and after saying that was just so intense and phenominal it makes me wonder why he didn't win the Oscar. Tom Cruise was also at the top of his game, and he was equally intense in the famous courtroom scene with Jack Nicholson. This truly is a drama that will thrill you and keep you on the edge of your seat from start to finish. Unmissable!
1|4408|both shrek's are way overrated, of all the pixar movies or whatever out there , this one is the worst. shrek is annoying, the donkey is annoying, the dumb cliche parodies are annoying.
1|19070|Highly over rated. While it does deliver it's fair share of campy fun, this is otherwise a BORING movie. Good mention should be made for slaughtering the pretty little blonde girl half way through, with the an out of control city bus...Very Creative!
1|16343|A most vulgar and offensive exploitation film. An anti-semitic slasher flick with Wes Craven overtones. Like most faith professions of contemporary Christianity, this nonsense focuses almost exclusively on the cult of the personality of Jesus, emphasizing his identity as God made flesh, while shortchanging his more valuable significance as agent of divine providence, redeemer and prophet, devoting about five minutes of the 144 minute running time to his teachings. This extreme anthropomorphizing falls just shy of blasphemy and the larger moral message gets lost. The movie's unrelenting obsession with cruelty and brutality is a cheapshot, opportunistic ploy to satiate the American moviegoing public's worship of gore and carnage. In this, Gibson is exploiting what is referred to in the synoptic gospels in a circumspect fashion, as the central issue, scripturally speaking, is not the human suffering of Christ but the redemptive process of which it is a part. But Mad Mel's telling of the story is more in the Freddy Krueger vein, apparently a cynical attempt to optimize box office receipts. The result is a heavy-handed, ill-advised reliance on shock effect that actually tends to desensitize the viewer after about fifteen minutes. As the prime focus of the film is the masochistic flaying/cruxifiction spectacle and the lack of affect by most of the participants, the characters are insufficiently developed and there is a shortage of significant human connection in the film. The characters become mere cardboard cutouts and the film has a cartoonish feel to it. As a result, the acting isn't even worth talking about. Hence, the film is emotionally vacant, as sensationalist torture crowds out the human ethos. The depiction of Jews is especially offensive, as the Pharisees are seen as being exclusively evil and vicious, totally without redeeming qualities and justification for their actions. The position that Jesus was crucified for blasphemy, iconoclasm and rabble rousing, three crimes very justifiable for extreme punishment back in those days, is given cursory reference and discounted as mere negative windowdressing. This is a perpetuation of medieval stereotypes that is grossly intolerant, atavistic and irresponsible. In addition, the presence of that Wes Craven-like Satan figure was also troubling: firstly, the Satan image was depicted as a woman, which is an example of typical RC misogyny that is akin to typical RC anti-semitism; secondly, the evil image was shown only within the manic Jewish rabble, further underscoring the implied anti-semitism of the film; thirdly, the extension of the Satan imagery to the demonized children theme (seen in the children berating Judas and the bald midget held by the Satan figure during the torture of Jesus) was most negative and serving of no defensible narrative or scriptural purpose. Mad Mel also tries to take the Romans off the hook for their culpability in the Passion. Pilate, a brute who was recalled from Judea due to the excessive carnage he inflicted, is portrayed as a contemplative, conflicted Goodguy caught between the demands of duty and moral conscience. This is totally at odds with historical accounts. Even the Roman soldiers who grossly abused Jesus are mostly pictured as loutish functionaries merely following orders. As Mad Mel subscribes to a conservative form of Roman Catholicism, it follows that he's attempting here to sanitize the record through revisionist denial. This movie was also marked by simplistic comparison/contrast. All Good vs. All Evil, Good Women (the two Marys) vs. Bad Woman (the Satan figure), Good Child (Jesus Christ) vs. Bad Children (mentioned above). This is an example of the reductive black and white Manichaean thinking of Catholicism, a primitive way to apprehend existence that figures prominently in the movie. The film was also bore a notable inaccuracy: as both versions of Jesus Christ's final words (found in Matthew and John) at the moment of expiration are uttered in the film, this critical moment is contradictory, inauthentic, and hence, unscriptual. There were several depictions of typically hokey Catholic magic in the film: the destruction of the Temple, the reattachment of the ear in the Garden of Gethsemane, etc. Yet, perhaps the greatest shortcoming of this turkey is the lost opportunity for moral ascendance: this movie would have been a prime moment to spread the valuable Christian teachings of love, tolerance, mercy, grace, forgiveness and redemption, yet the film was seriously lacking in these themes. If anything, a few of them were given the bum's rush near the end of the flick while repulsive liberties taken in earlier, extended scourging scenes were obviously considered more important to the story. In this, the great tale of deicide is pervaded with a sense of surgical detachment while being devoid of any palpable moral uplift.
5|1787|You won't come to any introspective revelations because of this film, but it is a rollercoaster of surprising action. You really get drawn into the plight of this much wronged mother and run with her on this race to ultimate revenge. Ashley Judd is beautiful and convincing.
5|21018|This is my favorite Fred Astaire film. The story line is total fluff, and some of the editing is sketchy, but oh! The dancing! The film takes you to that 1930s fantasy world, where everyone is glamorous, everything has a happy ending, and people just suddenly find themselves dancing. Wonderful stuff! 
1|12131|Is Adam Sandler crazy? He is not that cute or charming to make this load of crap sell. Personaly I have not, nor will not see this piece of garbage. The only thing thats funny related to this movie are the ticket sales. Hey Adam, have you thought about driving a city bus as a new career? Now that's funny. 
5|19593|This movie was a very good one, except for the beginning when nothing happened, it was too long!! The scenes, the ocean on a dark night, the back alley, on a dark night, I know darkness adds to the atmosphere of the movie, but you can't see anything. I say the movie should have more light scenes
1|3415|Newsflash -- the exact same subject has been with just as well, if not better, in at least a dozen other movies. Sure, the fx are nice, but whatdehay is the point when the acting and surrounding plot are so insipid?
5|7484|2 breakfasts please! LOL Da two yutes... The what? 'Da two yutes'.. did you say yutes? 'sorry your honor the two yoouuuthhzzzzz! This movie was cute and funny from start to finish. The scene on the porch of the cabin between Joe Peci' and Marisa Tomei was hysterical... as was the scene when his suit gets ruined and he has to walk into court wearing a ridiculous suit from the mid 1800's that he got at a second hand store. Im laughing just thinking about it.
5|14909|Its My favorite movie in my opinion one of the best made! :) Oh, Heath Mel are just wonderful, but its soooo sad what happens.
5|6942|A movie chock full of great lines; I laughed when those lines were quoted within other comments here. I was disappointed in the DVD though; they could have been more candid and better prepared for the director's commentary audio track. Perhaps someone can use it to make a hat, a broach, or a pteridactal.
1|22794|I do not like this movie because it condones witchcraft and black magic, which is clearly evil and something we are to stay away from. When we are dealing with witchcraft, we are dealing with demonic powers, because we don't have magical powers. There is no such thing as using magic for good. Maybe the person may be using it for good in their mind, but that power is from the devil. He is mucking around with their mind and fooling them into believing that they are using his power for good. There are lots of Bible verses that speak against witchcraft, magical arts, astrology, psychics, fortune tellers etc. Some people may think that white magic is good, but whether it is black or white, it is still evil and God hates it. Black magic is using physical magic eg spells and doing a lot of the stuff on Harry Potter and Charmed. White magic is dealing with psychic powers, manipulating people's emotions and will, fortune telling, astrology etc. Using Satan's power is like throwing your steak dinner to lions. They will rip the steak up and eat it, turn around and rip you to pieces. Satan is a horrible, unfair bank dealer. Most banks charge interest, but the devil lends you money, but charges 200% interest.
5|5293|The BEST movie of all time!
1|12657|dissapointing
5|209|Amazing, epic movie. I won't recant all the qualities it possesses, other posts have done a good enough job as it is. One thing I specifically liked was the display style of retribution. No supreme concepts such as forgiveness over revenge, or the 'revenge won't bring back the dead' theme of most modern movies. No long speeches before Wallace expresses his revenge, just simple, satisifying revenge. Not that I disagree with the aforementioned concepts and themes expressed in modern movies, just in their appliance to movies of past eras.
5|21959|A classic movie that is a fairy tale, action-adventure and comedy.
1|7840|A lame, dull, boring, pointless waste of time.
5|5278|TOTO is the real star of this show and so talented and smart. Love the whole thing: stars, songs, and story.
5|18100|Kathy Bates was phenomenal! She was amazing as a psychotic woman. Stephen King's movie about his original story was excellent at portraying his original novel. Stephen King continues to show us disturbing, but real stories that always bring fear to the observer.
5|3609|probably the most intelligent flick out this summer. some funny lines, an old fashioned grown up version of Lethal Weapon
5|4166|This is another great disney movie. Aladdin is a boy who's only friend is a monkey named Abu. this has a lot of great songs like Friend Like Me and Prince Ali The Genie [ voiced by robbin willams} is my favorite character. this is a funny and cute movie to see.
5|15424|This is my new FAVE movie. It's SOOOOOO awesome. Only one word describes it Awesomness Juila Stiles and Sean Were awesome together! It just makes me wanna get up and dance around!!!!!!ITS TOTALLY THE BEST MOVIE!
5|22288|At the time this movie was made, CG image programs like Maya were just coming out, which made the realism possible. The story line was interesting and the direction was great. This movie pioneered other movies with animated animals and scenery. Spielbergh broke ground and proved it could be done. 5 stars!
5|6771|Gotta love it. My second favorite of the Monty Python movies (first favorite still is "The Meaning of Life". I know most would disagree with me on that one, but oh well). Can't go wrong with the limbless Black Knight, vicious little white bunnies and Holy Hand Grenades. Oh, and for the truly nerdy amongst us ( . . . oh, admit it), if you want to know the air speed velocity of an unladen swallow (of the European variety), you can find your answer here: http://www.style.org/unladenswallow/ ( . . . if you want to know what the answer is for the African variety, sorry, you're on your own.) 
5|13733|Excellent film! It was very touching. A chance for many African-American male actors to shine. It was a historically based film that was semi-accurate. No unnecessary battles/bloody scenes. At the time of release, it showed a part of history few knew about. Great musical score, haunting melodies.
5|1778|Oscar-calibur performances by Judd and Jones make this film unforgettable, and keep it going like a roller coaster. Twists and turns keep the film alive.
5|7309|um, yeeeaaah. I was wondering if you got the memo, this movie is hilarious. ookaaayy? greeeaatt, thaaannks. i say the "i believe you have my swingline stapler" line all the time. if you haven't seen it, just go rent it. you'll enjoy it.
1|3398|This is a just a romance chick flick pretending to be a war movie. Highly historically inacurate. Long and boring. Could have cropped half the romantic scenes, and still would have failed. A much better movie about the attack is TORA TORA TORA.
5|2271|I absolutely LOVED this film. I was somewhat weary of it as so many people kept on branding it a bad remake of the original when actually they were wrong. This film is based on the ideas of the original and actually pays homage to it.
5|584|One of my favorite movies of all time, this film noir mystery/action movie could not have been done better. Gabriel Byrne stars very well in this film, but he is also excellently supported by Kevin Spacey, Benicio Del Toro and Kevin Pollack. The plot was very near flawless, and the setting was excellent. The characters, while not being deep, are more than adequate to carry the movie through to its finish, and Bryan Singer did a wonderful job with the direction. While the mystique surrounding this movie may cause a new viewer to predict the ending, now, I found the movie to be unpredictable and brilliantly finished.
5|11130|This movie was very funny and well worth your time to see. This shows what a versitale actor Jim Carey is and he has many memorable lines.
5|18672|Steven Spielberg hired Tobe Hooper to direct Poltergeist because of this film. Nuff said. Influential, disturbing and brilliantly directed (and edited). You can skip the needless recent remake, the sequels and a bizarre remake with Renee Zellweger and Matthew Mc (I won't even try to spell his last name).
5|2265|Top Gun was an all time action movie.
5|17541|haunting and beautiful.
5|16887|This film describes its tale in a slow manner, unbearably tense and unnerving in its first 45 mins. The rest of the film does get bent out of shape due to the complexity of the mystery. Lynch is a real master at telling mysteries because he enjoys them so much.
5|6003|James Stewert in his best role ever as a small town do-gooder become politician. He slowly relizes what type of a place Washington DC is and the flaws in our government in this still powerful/important film.
5|9330|One of the best films of the last 20 yrs. Never been anything like it since.
1|2092|It's no wonder why Sandra Bullock has disappeared from the movie screen a bit. The film that made her a star was the worst of its year. In the movie a bus in manipulated by a terroist, who for some reason finds it necessary to put a bomb on it, so that if it reaches over (or was it over?) 50 mph it will explode. Great, all we need is another cheesy-ass wanna be adventure movie with Keanu Reeves.
1|10901|Vomitous nonsense.
5|13727|The best and most captivating civil war film to date. Denzel Washington should have recieved an oscar for his performance. One of the few films anymore which is inspiring and very heroic.
5|14048|From its debut on the theatrical stage to its cinematic reproduction, the story of the worlds most renowned prodigy has found its place among the great stories of all time. The film portreal of mozart brings with it more than a great story though, including excelent acting and one thing that has remained unparalleled in movie making. The best soundtrack of all time.
5|8748|Funniest movie in a long time.
1|4385|I really thought all the originality and humor from the original was gone. The story was basicly averege because it just had alot of the old shrek in it but with a Meet The Parents storyline which is very prdictable. The villians and the comical sidekicks are very dull since they have nothing funny to say. The only things funny things they say are coming from the voice actors instead of the script. Even the movie/pop refrences seemed out of place! SEE the original instead!
5|15430|This movie was great. I really enjoyed it. Stiles and Thamos were wonderful.
5|23182|While the chances of it happening are probably nill, it's a cool movie. There are lots of twists in the plot and it really makes you think about how one tiny little decision or act in the past could drastically change the future. It's definitely worth seeing.
5|6765|The comedy of sinister, impeccable manners, as Louis d'Ascoygne (Dennis Price) fulfills in his own way his late mother's wish that he inherit the family fortune, enacting indiscriminate and caculated revenge upon a half-dozen family members, all of whom stand between himself and the inheritance. That Alec Guinness portrays the parts of eight of the victims is remarkable enough but is one of the lesser delights. Price himself is impeccable in character in his psychotic obsession and Joan Greenwood (also wonderful in Oscar Wilde's 'The Importance of Being Earnest', 1952) teaches all comediennes a thing or two about playing the role of the seductive blackmailing adulteress who also happens to be the object of Louis' desire (that's right). Wilde, as well as Chesterton and Woodehouse, knew that British comedy is nothing if not the collusion of characters, eccentric and batty. 
5|9456|Very, very, funny. I thought it would suck because the novel tool place in England but the film took place in Chicago (?!) but Cusak is just damn funny. Jack Black is hysterical as the uber-cool know-it-all music store nerd. Great music and laughs. Get a look at Tim Robbins as the hippie conflict-resolution specialist. . .
5|13041| I'll make you an offer you can't refuse. Watch this movie, read this book. If you're really bored stiff, it's cause Luca Bratzi just stuffed you in a trunk.
5|18114|A gorefest in places with canibalistic behavior. Disturbing, visually dark and gruesome. Being in black & white just adds to the creepy atmosphere. A true classic among horror buffs. If you love to be scared see it, uncut.
5|2503|This movie really surprised me. It was a gritty realistic and violent gem. Denzel kicked ass and was a total bad ass who had nothing to lose.
1|12870|Just when things were looking up in the movies they made this...awful....
5|11656|There haven't been hardly any funny movies out in the last few years, but this one is hilarious. And I didn't think David Spade could be funny without Chris Farley...boy was I wrong. Definitely a must-see.
1|23475|This movie sucked ass.
5|4172|Great music. Good fun. Clean enjoyable entertainment
5|8760|Recently saw this at a friends house. I am not a big fan of Adam Sandler, so I wasn't expecting much. BUt I was wrong. This movie is darned entertaining and interesting to watch. Drew is always cute, but in this one she is actualy charming. It's a fresh story and highly enjoyable. IJR says check it out!
5|12377|Definitely worth seeing. Finally, a "Family" flick that doesn't put me to sleep. Like LOTR, it took a long time before film technology could do justice to it. It's a very imaginative story tht allows people to choose how much symbolism is involved. Supposedly, author C. S. Lewis based the hero (a lion) on a certain figure prominently featured in the New Testament. The acting was decent. I loved Tilda Swinton in "The Deep End." She plays a very BEYOTCHEE Witch with perpetual Bad Hair Days, which seems to put her in a murderous rage all the time. She does a decent job with her swordplay -- even with her skinny little arms. As I always say, the mark of a great actress is her ability to wield swords or to launch kicks. Take Julia Roberts or Jennifer Aniston, overated damsels; the only thing tough they can do is pout while smoking a cigarette. 
5|6995|who doesn't love this movie? everybody wants to be ferris.
5|15418|This movie was WONDERFUL!!!I was crying for about 3/4 of the movie! It was so beautiful. I haven't seen a movie like this in for ever...I would see it a thousand more times!
5|21965|i still love this movie. one of the best fantasy movies.
5|5244|Definatly a classic, don't listen to the people who say its just a kids movie. Although it IS in fact for kids, its so timeless that no matter what age group it is aimed at, everyone will enjoy it.
1|12680|More like Stupid Babies: Baby Geniuses 2. How did this movie get the greenlight?
5|16111|Its a good thing to see Charlie Sheen get smacked every once in a while.
5|19222|My husband and I own this movie and we, along with my in-laws, absolutely love it. It is by far one of our favorites. I recommend it to anyone who likes horror movies.
1|24332|This is possibly the worst movie of 2003...even the alleged great talent of Sean Connery couldn't save it...a complete bomb that isn't even worth watching if someone gave it to you free...
1|9851|Looked really funny from the trailers, but ended up being just plain disgusting. How do the Wayans bros. still find work? If you want a dirty joke movie thats really hilarious watch Baseketball.
5|11118|I thought this movie was very funny. Parts I liked: white guy with black sons who were ghetto geniuses, the name of his condition, the invincible cow, Jim Carrey's physical comedy.
5|16677|The best movie that Adam Sandler has been in so far.
5|19544|an intelligent film not really a horror film rather more of a thriller with alot of suspense thrown in. still it manages to scare you on a thinking level. pretty good preformances. i've only just seen this film less than a year ago and really enjoyed it. loved the brit eklund dancing scene very arousing especially if consider it from the constable's point of view with all his repression and such. nicely done scene.
5|3153|Keeps you on the edge of your chair
5|17569|My lord, Akira Kurosawa's Dreams is an eye stunning beauty. The late Kurosawa is a lord of the film world. This movie is stunning in every way. SEE IT.
5|10206|love this movie!
5|9318|What a great film. If you haven't seen it - where have you been living? Under a rock? Completely original, fantastic, great. It deserves all its 5-star glory. If you haven't seen it, SEE IT! I really loved the way the cartoons and real people mixed, it was amazing when I saw it first. It's essential. Too bad Bob Hoskins ended out making Super Mario Bros. Summary: GREAT AND HILARIOUS. 
5|14060|I'm 35 and was just a small child when this happened. I don't remember it at all. I liked the movie and was happy to learn about those heroes I had never heard of before.
5|8006|I love this freaking movie. John Candy as Dewey Oxburger is hysterical.
5|7335|I thought this movie was hilarious!!! I can't wait to see Mike Judge's next project!!!
5|1750|Exceptional piece of cinema art. Intriguing, intelligent, beautifully shot and exhausting. This film requires and demands your utmost attention if you are to gain a fully comprehensive understanding. This picture is executed with with real feeling and complemnented by haunting sounds and ambience. One question, how does Shelby know his wife is dead and how does he know he has this 'condition' if he cannot create new memories after the accident? (Shelby can learn basic physical motions through systematic repition but I don't think this applies in this case)
5|14074|This is my all time favorite movie. Every minute of it was great, I didn't even mind his annoying hippie wife. Even Costner acted with a little personality, and Lioatta did a great job of playing Joe. Lancaster was great, everyone was. This story brought a tear to my eye more than once. I remember the first time I saw it on USA, I was moved like I never was moved before. Before I saw this, I didn't think I could be emotionally effected by movies. I was very, very wrong.
5|8012|Its a Clasic!!
5|7321|GREATEST FILM EVER MADE! Deserves eight stars! You disagree, you're wrong.
5|23800|Why the low rating? It should be higher on the list!
5|19550|David Lynch is a god of film making.
5|5536|Seeing it as a little girl,I really didn't like psycho, it was too freaky. But now I understand it better, and I think its great!!!
5|10212|OK folks, it's not going to win an OSCAR and it's not going to be shown at the Cannes Film Festival, but it is a great movie. Piper Perabo, who played the lead character Violet has that Aww shucks sexy girl next door look that you would either want for your daughter or girlfriend. The music was great and I personally like LeAnn Rimes who plays herself in this movie and does the actual singing. I like movies for their entertainment value. I want to sit down, relax and be entertained and this movie does that for me.
5|5250|This movie is definitely a classic. Here it is 2005 and children still get exited watching it.
5|18128|I Love this movie! It is soo wonderful. It is my 2nd. fav in the george A romero Zombie movies! I have seen this movie 56 times before!
1|12694|Shrewed guy this Michael Moore, makes millions selling lies. What's allarming is that many buy the "facts" in his "documentaries".
5|16105|I was frozen dead in my tracks by this film. Kevin Bacon and Kyra Sedgwick have great on screen chemistry in this film about a newly released pedophile who battles with his inner demons and desires. Man...I've never come across a film that showed such humanity in what everyone can safely agree is the scum of the earth. I actually felt compassion for Kevin Bacon-that's got to be the highest praise I can give this film. Some tense and hard to watch moments in the film as well as great performances by Mos Def, Eve and Benjamin Bratt.
1|24326|A screenplay that could have been better written by a dung-beetle. Cinematography below that of a high-school film project. A cast that takes turns seeing who could be least competent. Special effects that by the standards of today are mediocre to poor. All in all, one of the most wretched films that has ever disgraced the industry.
5|7447|HIlarious and engaging. I'll see it 10 more times if I'm giving the chance. Robert De Niro acts a lot like my father in the movie. LoL. One of the reasons why I like it so much is because it reminds me of my dad. :o)
5|6981|School has always tryed to seize the freedom of kids. The great thing about Ferris is that he doesn't care at all what those damn grown ups think. Every oppurtunity not acted upon is an oppurtunity lost forever. So Go ahead. Say whatever it is you feel like saying and do whatever you feel like doing. This is the only life you've got. Go nuts!
5|1036|This movie is Bruce Willis' best. He performs extremely well. I was on the edge of my seat the whole movie. I sincerely recommend it.
5|14712|Go ahead and give Julia her academy award !!!
5|12413|Well, I caught the 4:00 pm showing of this movie at the theater, and returned for the 9:30 pm showing tonight. While the movie got off to a slow start, and during the first 15 minutes was left to wonder what exactly the hype was all about, when the movie actually got started and my question was answered. It's friggin' hillarious. Vince Vaughn is a hero of mine (I'll forgive him the misfortune that was Be Cool) and this movie made him even more so in my eyes. His facial expressions were nothing short of priceless, and he delivers his lines with such vigor that it looks as though this is the most fun he's had on a set in a long time. Owen Wilson was wonderful as well, playing his typical player-but-nice-guy-at-the-same-time role which was perfect for the movie. It is rude, unappologetic, and had both the audiences I was in today in an uproar of laughter. This movie will be promptly added to my movie collection once out on DVD. It's Wedding Season!
5|7337|If you've ever worked (been stuck) in an office/cubical job then this movie is for YOU. If you hate your job, if you fantasize about coming in one day and not giving a damn, blowing off your boss, even burning your whole place of employment down, than watch this movie. It's very theraputic for those of us wishing we didn't have to suffer thru WORK. (Anyone who doesn't like this movie obviously hasn't suffered at work enough!) 
5|6029|The best satire about war I have seen on film. Stanley Kubrick is a genius. Peter Sellers acting climax with his multiple roles. A great visual with Slim Pickens riding his hoss to his destiny.
1|16382|If you watch Cruel Intentions and then you watch Dangerous Liasons, you realize the difference that world class actors such as John Malkovich and Glenn Close can make on a film. Unfortunately, the makers of Cruel Intentions selected WB actors, who apparently didn't understand or appreciate the importance of chemistry / dialogue etc. in this movie's plot.
5|5520|What can one say? This is the most suspenseful movie ever made! Alfred Hitchcock pooled together all of his knowledge of pure cinema and rolled it into on big, black-and-white exploitation thriller. A very influential film, to say the least.
1|15853|simply the worst movie I've seen this year. they should use this movie to torture prisoners.
5|4158|There is a child in all of us and this classic proves it. It remains my movie of choice on rainy weekends. I have never read the book but I know my imagination could not create the magnificant landscaping presented in this film. And there are songs galore that are easy to sing along to. Some scenes may be frightening to a small child -- I still close my eyes during the gondola ride!
5|16113|Any discription of the plot I try to give would not do this film justice. A perfect mix of suspense, court drama, and psychological case study. Those who have seen it know what I mean, and those who have not simply must. Weather you are into legal thrillers or not, I guarantee, the ending will flip you.
1|820|BOOOOORRRRRRIIIIINNNNNGGGGG!!!!!
5|2529|Tons of action and lots of humor. Lots of gore and language, so if that turns you off than dont waste your time, but if its action and comedy, then pick this one up.
1|12682|So bad....that it doesn't even deserve a star. Why they let Tara Reid star in ANYTHING....is beyond me.
5|5246|i never missed the wizard of oz when it on ever since i was a child. even when i became a teenager id tell my friends i got in trouble and had to go home but really it was cuz i didnt miss the movie. i had a reputation to uphold. this is a movie that should forever be passed down the generartions
5|1020|It's been rather difficult of late doing without any Bruce Willis Die Hard Movies. Realizing of course how John McClain is pretty much worn out...ca-poots-kah..! But who can blame the dude, after all those disgusting messes those Grueber Dudes put him through. Ya know what I'm sayin? Those guys had John climbin up elevator shafts and shootin at him then blowin things up all around John...and terrible stuff like that. Oh well, thanks for the memorys John McClain you were a shining example of courage in the NYPD...fer sure dude. Perhaps now that John's pretty much exhausted his role as super NY Cop...well, maybe John can get on as a rent a cop with some late night warehouse in the east side of NY. Best movies ever; those Die Hard Series. Yep, no doubt about it...fer sure. John was the best.
5|14704|OOO MAH GOD! that movie was the best! at first i didnt understand it, and i like wanted to fall asleep, but when i sorda figured it out it like all came together and the movie was like the best! aww, i was soo happy @ the end, i cried. well i cry in like every movie so whatever.
5|6997|How could anyone not love this movie?
5|7451|Side splittingly funny without being scatalogical or vulgar. Ben Stiller is a comic genius.
1|20156|... and I still know its terrible.
5|1034|It was great. I liked the explosions. It was tight how the dude fell at the end. It was more good stuff.
5|6983|Go soak your head!
5|12361|A fantastic movie and the best in the series so far, with a great combination of action, fantasy horror, adventure and teen romance to make an awesome blockbuster. Be warned that this is quite a scary movie and little kids might get scared. 
1|20142|The Blair Witch Project has got to be without doubt the greatest waste of an 90 minutes or so of my life. Complete tripe!!!
5|16107|One of my favorite movies. Gordon Gekko was a great character because he was a ruthless Alpha-Male but you never see him directly hurt anyone. I've seen the movie many times and still don't understand all the stock market mumbo-jumbo, but I'm better at it than without the movie.
5|21973|Lovely, the only true fairy tale ever filmed. Great acting and great editing, which, in a movie is half the film. Nice humour and a truly magic quality that autoiroby enhances rather than diminish.
5|5252|A masterpiece, an unforgetable film for the ages.I will never forget the first time I saw it as a kid.Update:Anyone who does not rate this a 5 simply does not know what they are talking about.
1|24442|Blech! And I'm not saying that because of the gore. This movie was absolutely horrendous. Nothing was believable. It looked like something from Mystery Science Theatre 3000. The acting was awful. The special effects were cheesy. The story was stupid. Everything was stupid!
5|3145|Great movie if you like WWII and the Navy's involvement in this war. Action-packed...same theme as Hunt for the Red October.
5|18894|I am getting scared just thinking about it!
5|8010|Funny Movie, Bill Murray in his finest hour.
1|17088|This movie was a lame attempt at trying to be shocking through sex and nudity. I've had kinkier parties than that, and that's no lie. This story didn't excite me, or entertain me. It was dull. People should have orgies from time to time. It's good for the ego. I would have to say that the story could have gone in so many other directions to make the tale an interesting one, and it doesn't. More movies need to be made to tease the sexual psyche of people and this one didn't make it. I like Kubrick, just not this last movie of his.
5|15368|This movie personally for me has to be one of the best movies aimed at the teenage market. A lot of the times we see teenage movies using the virtue of teenage agnst as an excuse to start treating teenagers as idiots or trying to instill a patronising life theme. They go from one extreme to another, no spectrum in-between. Teenagers are not idiots their young adults and the more films that stopped trying to depict them as idiots or patronising them the more they would be appreciated. The themes used in this film: teenage mother (Derricks sister), inter-racial relationships (Derrick and Julie), dreams coming true (Julie trying to get into Julliard), coping with death at a young age and peer pressure are all too real. This film used it in a very tasteful and realistic manner. Bravo!!
5|13719|One of my all-time favorites. Superb
5|10238|Another great movie that I didn't mind paying eight dollars to watch. This was a total chick flick. I went to see it with my sister and I enjoyed it so much that I was talking about it for hours afterwards.
5|16891|I love eminem -- from his controversial lyrics to his personal life. He is an awesome man who has brought himself up from nothing to something. Anyone who disagrees is just jealous. Eminem has made something of himself because he's such an awesome rapper and now he has his own record label!
5|18664|CLASSIC. Made on a very small budget, just like 90% of the classic horror films. Again I have to say, story development, charector development and things that make you go hmmmm are not boring, you just need to pay attention. This movie is never dull. I just hate stupid people.......
5|2273|Great action movie with pretty people to look at & enjoy :) !! Especially Mark Walhberg!
5|17557|Very touching! :o)
5|11126|Great movie. Jim Carrey's funniest movie. He deserves an Oscar nomination.
5|15340|A great movie! Tom does it again. The wonderful tale of a man who comes here and is stripped of his nationality and money and is confined to JFK airport. A tribute to the immigrant, the character of those who come to this country and to those who remember what America really is. America does not promise success and riches equal to everyone else--it promises the opportunity and freedom to make the best for yourself (all dependent on how hard you'll work to succeed). A fair trade.
5|9326|Roger Rabbit, a cartoon character, is framed for the murder of a live-action human. This movie is a combination of live-action and animation and a mix of Disney and Warner Bros. animated co-stars and cameos (the fight between Daffy Duck and Donald Duck is not to be missed). Live action and animation interact a LOT more than ANY other movie made, including Phantom Menace.
5|13731|I thought that Glory was a great movie, and it expresses what the black soldiers had to go through during the war.
5|6773|Much like a pampered Bordeaux, this film just gets better with age. Perhaps its the latent cinematographer in me, but I always found the way it was shot to be fascinating (that low-light, grainy murkiness lending Dark Age flavor to every scene), and the opening score was incredible at establishing the most notorious mood swing (daunting dread to silly symphony) ever recorded. Sure, it helps to be into absurd sight gags to truly appreciate GRAIL; luckily, one of the best comedy troupes ever formed was able to pull off SO MANY of them in one setting (and on a frayed shoestring of a budget). Start with the sorely-missed Graham Chapman's King Arthur (accompanied by the coconut-clomping Patsy of animator Terry Gilliam), the ornithological lessons at the first castle, the political persuasions of the mud-gathering peasants ("ah, now we see the violence inherent in the system!"), the crazed bravery of the Black Knight, the witch-burning mob of dullards, the gorilla's hand that turns book pages, the musical fun of Camelot ("it's only a model"), the abrasive French castle guards, Galahad's encounter with Zoot and her "eight-score of blondes and brunettes, ages 16 through 19-and-a-half" at Castle Anthrax, Lancelot's wedding-day rescue of the forlorn songsmith Herbert, Robin's minstrels and their comestible fate in the wilderness ("and there was much rejoicing.....YAAAAY!"), the Knights Who Say "Nee" and their landscaping assignments that included Roger the Shrubber, the thick-accented Tim the Enchanter and the foul-tempered rodent that defended the Cave of Cair Bannog, Brother Maynard and the Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch, the Bridge of Death overlooking the Gorge of Eternal Peril, and the arrests made at the ending: not a single misfire among the lot of 'em! Drooling fan or not, you HAVE to credit something with enough staying power to inspire a Broadway musical 30 years after its release. Perhaps the summit of British contributions to this artform.
5|9440|Dustin Hoffman brings the house down in this delightful comedy, that paved the way for Mrs. Doubtfire and other crossdressing favorites. A different movie from most other comedies thereby making it deserving of a high rating for individuality if nothing else. Not to mention that it is insanely funny.
5|14738|Good movie -- both my husband and I enjoyed it! I had to convince him to go. He said it was funnier than he expected -- he was glad he went!
5|23194|what a movie!!
5|8986|laughed hard
5|15426|I LOVE THIS MOVIE!!!!! Julia is a FANTASTIC actrist as well as Sean. i lvoed the story line, caracteurs, music EVERYTHING! this is maybe my favortie movie now, for sure in the top 3!
5|12349|This movie was the best! Everything was so interesting! I just couldn't look away.
5|21783|Once I saw the Fellowship, I couldn't wait for the Two Towers to come out. And the only bad thing about the Two Towers is it makes it that much harder to wait for the Return of the King. One of the very best movies of all time. You just don't know what you're missing until you've been a part of the Lord of the Rings!
5|18102|Kathy Bates was really convincing!! That film is scary because it's close to reality.
5|4170|This is among Robin Williams' finest performances. He provides the voice for Aladdin and he is hysterical. Sure, it is a children's movie, but this is definitely one that adults will enjoy just as much. His lines are similar to his many riffs on the talk shows, only a lot funnier.
5|21797|I haven't seen a more visually astounding film yet with the possible exception of The Fellowship of The Ring.
5|18116|This is such a great film. I it's my second favourite horror film ever after Halloween
1|7856|Not really a fan of this movie. I prefer classic Nicholson flicks like The Shining . This movie was pretty lame-o, a real Munson, a real steaming piece of crap, a real loser.
5|13043|This is a classic movie. I recommend everyone has it in their collection. The Corleone family is great. They show how the underworld is.
5|23180|this movie may be doomed to obscurity, and that's a terrible shame. produced by and co-starring drew barrymore, it is a story of a teenager, the title character, whose melancholia is punctuated with the dark music of his era, the 80s. it has all the intrigue of an early david lynch film without ever caving to make use of lynch's trademark nauseating dark surrealism. instead it chills you with its story and the excellent way the story is told. donnie is lured from his house one night by his new imaginary friend frank, a 6 foot tall talking bunny rabbit with a metallic skull face, and it's a good thing, too, because a jet engine crashes that night in donnie's room, fallen from a plane nobody can find. it seems that as his shrink suspected he is a paranoid schizophrenic, that is until coincidences that cannot be ignored start pointing him toward investigating the existence of time vortexes. is frank a time traveler from the future? what does he want if he is? why does he dress that way? the movie actually turns into a teen detective story for a while, playing with the mood it creates with total control and good humor, while never failing to frighten. donnie is pointed to the suggestion that all living creatures are doomed to die alone, and i think this is the last thought we see him ponder as he lies in his bed laughing. would he still be alone if his death meant that people he knew, and even loved, could live? could keep their careers? their reputations? has he ever even met these people? i'm not giving anything away. all i can do is urge you to see this movie.
1|19927|Lisa Bonet's best movie. Also her worst movie. also a terrible move to begin with. Yes dear, your breasts are lovely, obscurity is that way...
5|7479|Loved it! The jail scene was hysterical, and Marisa Tomei's character was great.
5|15354|A wonderful, inspiring story.
5|6001|It gets intense once it really gets going. This is one of James Stewart's finest performances. His character, Jefferson Smith, is a role model for us all. He refuses to give up on what he believes, even in the face of major opposition and threat, and even when it looked like he didn't stand a chance of winning. (Of course, he had some major encouragement from a frieind too.) One thing I think is interesting about the movie is how non-political it is. There is no indication of what political party Mr. Smith was affiliated with. And the cause he was fighting for was neither liberal or conservative. It was done in such a way that anyone who watched the movie could side with him. It's just a great, uplifting movie that is well worth seeing.
5|24189|This was the only astroid movie that came out worth watching. Very intense.
1|2090|Speed was the worst action/thriller movie I have ever witnessed. The plot was shallow and the acting was horrendous. After viewing this movie, I wish I could have gotten my money back. It shouldn't be sold. That, as well as Speed II.
5|9332|Another Kevin Smith movie that simply is funny no matter who you are. Adams plays off Affleck very well and the rest of the cast hits their marks well. Awesome script, though a little graphic and vulgar. Smith until this point could do no wrong.
5|5508|A very good movie. Alfred Hitchcock at his best. janet Leigh plays Marion Crane who steals money from her place of work and takes off. She ends up at the Bates motel.BIG MISTAKE! An odd man named Norman runs the motel.along with his mother who lives in a very eerie house on the hill.Halfway through the movie Norman stabs Marion to death in her shower.this is a shock since i did not expect the main character to die halfway through the movie.Relatives worried about Marion's missing come looking for her. end up at the same motel.Anthony Perkins is great as the strange Norman. The very end is terrific about Norman and his Mother.A movie that was not predictable. Just very well done. and without all the goriness that sometimes comes with suspensful movies.A real classic.
5|2267|It's just a great guy movie. Fast planes, cool cars, hot girl, guy saves country.
5|592|A very clever movie that actually makes you think - and keeps you guessing. Kevin Spacey is fantastic as Verbal and Pete Postlethwaite is at his usual high standard acting. The juxta postioning makes the suspense even greater and keeps your mind ticking over. My favourite part is the end where Verbal leaves and the policeman works the case out by looking at his noticeboard as everything that Verbal said was on there and you had the voiceover. Absolutely fantastic and a film to treasure. 
5|17543|Excellent Danish independent film. Read more about it at http://www.dogme95.dk/menu/menuset.htm 
5|3179|Entertaining, witty, fast paced, great acting, great directing, brilliant stuff. Shall I say more?
1|23311|FAKE!
1|8230|I rented this movie after hearing all the hype about it. This was the worst movie I have ever seen. I may have chuckled once, but good dramas usually put more amusing lines in a film. Truly horrible!
5|18843|I love silly movies
5|1785|This movie has a good plot, kinda similar to The Fugitive. Ashley Judd is great in her part. She's beautiful and caring, but strong and independent, as well. A little cheesy at the end, but still very exciting and entertaining.
1|19072|This movie really sucked. I don't think it even tried to scare anyone. It's just an excuse to show some ridiculously unbelievable and over-elaborate deaths. The end is what bugged me the most. What a bunch of losers these 'filmmakers' are.
5|24162|All those sexy men in outer space.... 
1|16341|Mel Gibson is a pandering opportunist who creates intense images that play on our religious and emotional sensitivities. The bible says that Jesus died for our sins but the economics of this movie proves that Mel Gibson is dying for our wallet. If he were anything better, he would be showing it in theaters for free.
5|13916|Nicholson at his best. Jack Nicholson plays Jack Nicholson playing a hardcore USMA Colonel heading up the base at Guantanamo Bay. Tom Cruise plays Tom Cruise playing a cocky, young military defense attorney. Kiefer Sutherland as Nicholson's conniving Lieutenant portrays the slimeball accomplice perfectly, and Kevin Bacon as the JAGcorps DA gets that part to a tee. Combine all of that with splendid direction by Rob Reiner and you've got the best courtroom drama since Inherit the Wind. Oscars? No. They don't give Oscars to movies that make you feel good about the military. But, after 9-11, maybe they should reconsider. 
5|22513|This movie is an integral whole and one of the three movies one could call 'good'. Cinematography does more than just compliment, it creates. The story line is brilliant.
5|6954|I like the play on words in this movie.
5|22275|this film is AMAZING!!! The Special Effects are breathtaking. The plot is gripping. It's one of those films that you watch over and over and over again withour getting bored of it. I love every single one of them! Hey. I didn't know there's going to be a 4th one? GREAT!!!!!!
1|3403|An appalling piece of garbage, which I had mercifully forgotten until I saw it listed here. One watching it gets the impression that Pearl Harbor was some kind of spectacular American victory, due to the heroics of a few ace fighter pilots. It was no such thing. And one also gets the impression from the movie that the Doolittle raid was a spectacular success which ravaged Japan's industrial machine: it caused very little damage at all (mainly being a psychological victory). The special effects in the movie are good, as they always are, but the acting is laughable and the contrived romantic parts make any watcher with high standards reach for the vomit-pan. Avoid this deformed turkey, there are plenty of better movies.
5|7492|What a funny concept. A New York City boy way out in the boonies, sporting his hey yo attitude in a conservative southern courtroom. Tons of laughs on both the city and country sides. If you haven't seen it, you should.
1|12641|My word to describe this movie: UNNECESSARY. Between what is truly entertaining and what is a pure waste of time, there is a line. Kinsey crossed it. Definitely a waste of time. I was interested at first because of the sweet honest romance Kinsey and his wife shared and their naivity about sex. It was cute. But the remainder of the movie took a beautiful thing and shat (is that a word?) all over it. My image of Lliam Neeson is forever ruined. 
5|5285|Still as great as it was so many years ago. Magical, brilliant, frightening, essential, are just some of the words that could describe this great film. It has inspired so much, and those winged monkeys, the way the witch melts, the black-and-white beginning, it's timeless. Summary: A TIMELESS, ESSENTIAL, BRILLIANT, FRIGHTENING FILM. 
1|14230|booooo!
1|7665|All I can say is it's terrible.( Just a thought )
5|20476|Beautiful! I was clutching the armrests the whole time!
1|1200|If, like Tarantino, you find humour in murder and torture then you're one sick mutha who needs pyschiatric help pronto. Why this film has become so iconic I dont know. It's cretinous rubbish.
1|14224|Boring, uninspired, totally uncreative headache drama filled with bad acting and bad writing.
1|7671|I'm almost afraid to rate this so low considering its widespread popularity, but I absolutely hate it. I find the supposed'humor' to be crude, disgusting and not funny at all. The characters are obnoxious and make the whole movie going experience painful.
5|6940|Airplane is one movie you don't want to miss. It is so funny and fast-paced, that you have to call it a classic. Ted Striker and Elaine Dickenson are 2 former sweethearst that end up on the same plane. The plane is full of a group of eccentric characters including: a singing nun, a heart-transplant patient, 2 gay arabian men, an inflatable pilot, and a doctor who doesn't want to be called Surely.
5|7486|Very funny, well scripted with a great performance by Marisa Tomei. Pesci is good, and the supporting cast turn in strong performances.
5|6798|A great movie. Probably the funniest I have ever seen. I love the coconut bit and the French taunting. Your mother was a hamster, and your father smelt of elderberries!
5|1791|Great plot and Ashley Judd rocks. It was very intense with great action scenes. The characters and story keep you guessing. Good ending.
1|16355|This is one of the most boring films I have ever seen. It seems to try for a Tarntino-like quality, but doesn't even come close. Avoid... 
5|1949|robert deniro is as ususal very very good at what he does. this movie scared the hell out of me.
5|19591|This movie made me jump in terror. There were moments when I was so scared I couldn't even look at the screen.
5|23631|I tend not to like movies that are to be continued... because the second and third movie usually sucks. but I was impressed with Matrix reloaded. it made me look forward to the last one.
1|18350|ooooohhhhh nnnooooo. You just did not put this piece of trash before the Omen..or even the freaking Lost Boys, for that matter. Johnny Depp's acting was horrendous and campy (even when one considers that he pretty much did everything with his part that he could.)and it seemed almost as painful for him to say those bland, terrible lines as it was for me to listen to them. The Legend of Sleepy Hollow is a horse beaten to death..why can't we just let it rest in peace? What really rubs me the wrong way,though, is that Tim Burton directed this film. You don't make a masterpiece like the Nightmare Before Christmas and then do..whatever the hell this was. If you want to fully experience said tale then read the book by Washington Irving. Please don't see this movie Oh, and Christopher, honey... why? no, really, why would you do that to yourself?...
5|1961|I'm not sure if this piece of art should be classified as a horror or thriller movie. Never the less, Robert Deniro was excellent in his attempt to take the law into his own hands.
5|16852|I can't say this loud enough IGNORE THE CRITICS . Just remember most LA and NY critics didn't want to be critics, they wanted to be actors. And their pissed off. Makes sense that they would try to keep the public from seeing an intelligent, creative movie like Pretty Horses . It's a story about honor and truth, love and friendship...Good old american values without all the in your face, you must be stupid, so we will have to spell it out for you kind of violent, grotesque crap that Hollywood puts out everyday. The masses seem to like the crap. If you've seen this movie and you enjoyed yourself, then hooray for you!!!! AND PASS IT ON...IGNORE THE CRITICS!!! 
5|545|Great movie. I'm not sure which I liked more - the now-famous Joe Pesci scene where he accuses the waiter/underling of laughing at him and then shoots him, or the scene where Ray Liotta is high, paranoid, and trying to cook (made even better by Clapton's 'Layla' playing in the background).
5|4819|I loved this movie it was really funny and the lama is soo cute.
5|223|I absolutely loved this movie, infact, I own it! Mel Gibson is always a hint that the movie is going to be great. The movie itself was a pleasant mixture of comedy and drama. I laughed, I cried, I was atsonished. I would recommend this to anybody.
5|21998|I really liked this movie a lot. I usually am not a big Sci-Fi person either. Fred Savage kind of bugged me as the little kid the story was being told to. It is a story of finding true love but there is a lot of adventure involved too so you aren't overloaded with romance. It also is very funny.
5|22249|A fine movie, with good performances all around. Good script, good direction.
5|23157|An instant classic-too bad the sequils sucked!
5|8945|Why couldn't they get Shatner?
1|11374|Jack Black SUCKS.
5|14937|Mel Gibson strikes again in another great movie. A must see.
1|32|Crap
1|2735|Better name for this movie 3 woman acting dumb stupid, and air headed!!! Movie sucked!!!!
5|13080|this movie shows how genius spielberg is. you feel like you live on the past by watching this movie. imagine how lifes could be that worthless
1|11360|I want my $9 back, or I'm going to start cracking skulls...
5|8951|funny however, Liar Liar is my favorite. This movie is sack- religious.
5|10589|Adorable!!! Funny, querky, sweet. Everything for everyone.
5|11697|hilarious stifler at his best if he wasent in there the movie wouldnt be funny at all I really liked it.
5|21754|Brilliant! A magnificently beautiful film.
5|17580|This movie gets 5 stars for the body count alone. Chow Yun Fat, Tony Leung and Anthony Wong are all great but the best thing about this movie is the voilence, gun clips never run out and there are bad guys always available to get shot. The hospital scene is the best gun fight ever caught on film.
5|14089|Show it, and I will come.
1|20803|Very undeserving of all the acclaim.
1|16369|Looking for a boring movie that will put you to sleep, and make you have your IQ 50 points??? Pay It Forward must me your movie.
5|1975|Great acting all around, Portman is captivating, and the confrontation with the police at the end is one of my favorites showdowns in cinema.
5|15397|This movie is the best movie i have ever seen. This is my new favorite all time movie. This movie goes to show you that race should not be a factor if you want a relationship cause all you have to do is live your dream. This movie i recommend for everyone to see. Julia Stiles is a wonderful actress and Sean Patrick Thomas is a great actor. Those two make a great team. So go and see this movie cause i know you will love it.
5|8560|Love Sandra Bullock
1|10297|I'm here to set things straight on RateItAll.com once and for all. This is to be my first opinion. Here I go: Bringing Down the House, does not necessarily tell a story which is outdated, but rather one which should embarass humanity into making its reddest face and its most solemn look of all. Let's look at the issues tackled in this film, set in 2003: 1)Slavery, 2)Black (and White) Stereotypes, and 3) Cultural Appropriation. Slavery officially ended over 100 years ago, (to those born more recently, right after Gettysburg and Gods and Generals took place), but as we can obviously see in our day to day experience, racism is still rampant, be it in the white dominated media, the movies, or in general conversation and confrontation. What is baffling to me is why this film should combine an early 1800s attitude towards blacks with our current sensibilities in such an artless and tasteless manner. Steve Martin's character and his family can't be seen in public with Latifah? She has to pose as their nanny to be accepted socially?...I can't even finish. The fact that this movie was a success theatrically just shows how ignorant we are as a culture. What a sloppy and hopeless pile of poo this movie was. (Note: Despite these issues I have brought up briefly, I have to say that this film began with the most boring internet scene of all time. Any filmmaker who thinks that filming a computer being used for Instant Messaging is a good way to engage viewers is stoned.) 
5|19022|This is a very cool movie! I am not prejudiced in favor of it just because the bulk of it was filmed in my hometown of Pittsburgh. Not even because I dated one of the featured actresses (I won't say who, but it wasn't Adrienne Barbeau. She was still married to John Carpenter at the time!). The only prejudice I brought to my viewing of this film is that I have almost always enjoyed the work of nearly everyone involved. Written by Stephen King ( The Shining , Carrie , Christine ), and directed by George A. Romero ( Night Of The Living Dead , Dawn Of The Dead , Day Of The Dead ), Creepshow is a scary, funny and stylish tribute to the horror comics of the '50's. King, long an admirer of Romero's groundbreaking zombie trilogy, contacted him around 1980 with the idea of working together on a project. Various stories and approaches were discussed including, according to King, the idea of a feature comprised of an hour and a half's worth of blackout sketches so relentlessly terrifying that the viewer would have to crawl out of the theater. In the end, it was decided that the best idea would be to film a set of stories approximating the style of the comic books both men had grown up with and which had influenced their work. Creepshow , released in the fall of 1982, is the end result of this partnership. It is a worthy achievement. The movie consists of five unrelated stories, filmed in garish comic book style. The stories are framed by a wraparound plot involving a young boy named Billy (Joe King, Stephen's real life son)whose bad tempered father (Tom Atkins)throw's the boy's comic book into the trashcan. Not to worry-- in the end, Billy takes his revenge in true horror comic style! A spooky, yet somehow benign apparition outside Billy's bedroom window beckons both him and us into the world of the comic book as the wind blows the lid off the garbage can into which the magazine has been thrown and the pages flip in the wind. The first story, Father's Day concerns a nasty old man (Jon Lormer), murdered by his spinster daughter (Viveca Lindfors) who returns from the grave seven years later on...father's day!!...to exact his revenge on his entire equally nasty family. This story, simple enough, is truly creepy and the walking corpse is great! The next story is The Lonesome Death Of Jordy Verrill , in which Stephen King himself, in a performance I think only Stephen King could have managed, plays Jordy--a hick who is stupid enough to mess around with a meteor that lands on his property. It cracks open and begins to ooze a substance that Jordy, in a rather hilarious moment, refers to as Meteor sh*t! after he accidentally gets some on himself. Within hours he begins to turn into a large, fuzzy green plant! This segment has some funny moments, but it is the weakest overall of the five and starts to get tiresome before it's over. Things pick up with Something To Tide You Over . Richard (Leslie Neilsen), an arrogant film producer with an very nice seaside house (One of the few exteriors not filmed in Pittsburgh, for obvious reasons.)and an unhealthy interest in home video (In 1982 very few people had video tape recorders or cameras, and they were expensive.), videotapes the uniquely devised murder of his unfaithful wife Rebecca (Gaylen Ross) and her lover Harry (Ted Danson)--he buries them up to their necks below the high tide line on his private beach. But when he returns after the tide goes back out to deal with the bodies, they're gone. Out with the tide? Hmmmm... In The Crate , a janitor at Horlick's University finds a long forgotten wooden crate under a stairwell. According to the markings on the side, it contains specimens from an Arctic expedition in the last century. Well, one of the specimens in question is quite hungry, having not had anything to eat for the last hundred or so years, and it just so happens that one of the school's professors has a wife (Adrienne Barbeau) he'd like to be rid of. This segment contains a good balance of suspense and humor, and very likeable performances by Hal Holbrook as the henpecked Henry and Fritz Weaver as the progressively hysterical (he keeps seeing people mangled by the thing inside the crate)professor Stanley. Finally, EG Marshall gives essentially a one-man performance opposite some huge, nasty cockroaches in They're creeping Up on You! He plays evil, foulmouthed tycoon Upson Pratt who lives alone with his own neuroses in a sterile, electronically controlled penthouse apartment. Alone, that is, except for the bugs that keep coming out of nowhere in ever increasing numbers in the midst of a huge thunderstorm. When the power fails, Pratt is sealed inside the apartment with the very thing he fears most. This film is guaranteed fun for horror fans. Its tense and somewhat violent at times, but it's comic book style keeps you from taking it too seriously, so that even those who are usually put off by horror movies can sit back and enjoy it. The original poster for the film said that it is: The most fun you'll ever have being scared! and I think that's probably true. 
5|16477|Baz Luhrmann did a great job with keeping the script to the original play, and interpreting the content as well. The camera work and music combined with Shakespeare's words were fantastic. It has been increasingly popular to rework Shakespeare's plays in films (10 Things I Hate About You, Hamlet etc) Leo DiCaprio and Claire Danes act out the starcrossed lovers very well, there definately was an acting spark between the two. Pete Postlewhaite was outstanding as Friar Brown and the tattoo of the cross on his back was a great touch. Hollywood can be good at producing movies with merit, and this is one of them. 
5|17769|Probably about the greatest scary movie of all time. Maybe it has something to do with the fact that it is shown over over again every Halloween, so many of us grew up with it. But it just gives you a creepy feeling when you watch it! But 5 stars goes to the original film only...none of the sequels were worth much.
5|10006|funny funny funny
5|5722|Gone with the Wind depicts a bygone era of grace and charm of the old south. while the love story was intermixed with the civil war, it shows how women had to be strong to survive. Scarlette was the epitomy of all the grace, charm and slyness of women back then. Her devilish charm won many hearts and I wish for a short time...we could all experience that period of time.
5|1544|Based on the book of the same title by James Ellroy (Very good author and if you like the film you should read the Dudley Smith Trio book) It carries off the style of Hollywood 1950's very well and the cast is amazing. Yes, the story is slow, but its meant to be. If you want a fast, simple film with loads of action then go and watch some of the s**t action films that Hollywood now spews out. This is a film thats meant to challenge you, make you think. Kevin Spacey is as magnificent as ever. If you liked him in 'The Usual Suspects' you'll definately like him in this. Russell Crowe plays a character that actually has some depth and shows off his acting abilities and Kim Basinger is absolutely stunning as the Veronica Lake look-alike (and she actually does look like her) but also shows that she can act - I'd say that this is her best film. Guy Pearce is outstanding and I'd say this is another film of his to be added to the list where he shows that Neighbours is way behind him now. This film is full of suspense, twists, sub plots, the corruption of the LAPD and shows the underworld of Hollywood. If you appreciate good acting and an intelligent plot, tehn this is a film for you. 
5|7135|one of the great movies of all time. Mel is KING
5|14274|my favorite movie ever
5|1550|A great movie because of the suspense and build up of the plot. Convincing and believable actors and an interesting plot. The movie is heroic because in the end the good cop prevails over the bad cops.
5|7121| Candygram for Mongo 
1|11823|because of the titland scene
5|4428|I'm 11 years old.I thought this movie was great!!! I've seen it 3 times and I rate it my favorite movie!I've been waiting for it to come on video and pleased to say its coming out on November 21. I think EVERYONE SHOULD SEE CHICKEN RUN!!!! 
5|3347|This movie was great. The MRI-mode in the combat scenes is a little freaky, but I liked it. The characters where likable/hate-able appropriately, and the movie kept moving. The story line was even interesting...and it's an ACTION flick!
5|2059|This movie almost made me piss my pants. More than once. But seriously, What Lies Beneath could be the scariest movie I've ever seen. When Pfeiffer turned into the decomposed girl in the bathtub as Ford was grabbing for her necklace! Holy Mother make it stop... Definitely worth seeing in the theater.
5|10012|On e of the best movies that Whoopi made!
5|5736|One of my favorite Hitchcock movies. You have to take the movie in context of when it was released. For the 60's this movie was quite chilling. The suspense alone is sheer genius, and the effects were outstanding at this point is cinema's history. The perfomances were perfect, Hedren did amazingly well for her first film, and portrayed the typical socialite brilliantly. Taylor was the typical male "hero", and Tandy was wonderfully annoying as the ever watchful mother. I admit to thinking immediately of this movie whenever I see a flock of seagulls when I go to the beach. So that's gotta say something for the movies impact on our subconcious!!! 
5|5050|This movie, when compared to Pocahontas is less offensive and does show what American Indians believe in their stories they tell. Truly, the animal characters are cute; and surely a fine movie to watch one who feels sympathy after taking the life away from a momma bear and learning how it is to a bear while taking care of the orphan. Though it did not win an Oscar (Finding Nemo won for best animated film), it is great that it got listed as a nominee. (See Disney's Masterpiece Movies in weblists for a similar comment on this movie.)
1|8783|Dry boring humor. I walked out on this one.
5|19036|How can I complain about a movie showcasing Johnny Depp? Okay, the plot was a bit thin but Mr Depp's character is fascinating and complex.
5|16305|Powerful, touching, amazing, wonderful. It was absolutly the movie of the year. Better yet, it was based on truth. Mel Gibson was incredible and this was well thought of. It was different. So what? I agree with Bird808 and how people were saying that this movie was violent. It was violence that actually happened. The rating which is R stands for rememberence and repentance and realization. It does have blood and it does have graphic images and it will make you want to close your eyes at times. But this movie was so wondefully put together with truth and gospel and with God most of all. Very well done.
1|20340|It was a terrible movie.
1|10283|This movie was portrayed on the commercials as a movie guys want to see, with lots of hot chicks and even more drinking. It turned out to be a chick flick about a songwriter's dream of making it big and not about a bar. Don't see this movie.
1|18807|Bad movie. It was allright until the ending. Coming out of the TV at the end and killing the guy completely ruined the movie. Who made the videotape? What was the thing on horses about? Too many unanswered questions to be good. It wasen't a tad bit scary.
5|18300|all of you listen: A nightmare on elm street is the best horror movie in history. I never saw an horror movie like that.Not even now with all the tech things that producers have.. A nightmare on elm street was made first in 87..then got along the 90s. i remember watching the movies,was i a kid.. i had about 8,9years when i watched movies from him..with my older brother and parents.. i dreamed about it.. every time when i was sick,with fever..everynight..i dreamed the same dream..i was in the hospital..and freddy would come for me..grabbing me in a leg..and takin me away..everynight..i think ive a trauma with that.. so dont say Freddy Krueger is s*** cuz it aint. i Just registered to write that.
5|3409|I thought that Pearl Harbor was an AWESOME movie. All of you that say it was rubbish or whatever...you are just screwed up in the head. Ok, some people were put off by the whole romance situation that was going on...ya know....romance was happening even at a hard time in US history too...not just the fighting. I think that romance made the whole movie more personal...you felt more of a connection for the characters...it gave it something that it needed to make the movie better than if could have been if it were just BLAH fighting.
1|23661|The first one was good, and instead of sticking with what made it good, the brothers put out a big steaming pile of crap
5|20847|Liza got her Mom's talent WOW! Fabulous movie all round. Great sleeze, great casting...singing and dancing super!! Rather racy for its time too! Lots of topics in this one...Loved it. 
5|11442|I loved this movie,You friggin idiots!
1|20368|Cheesy sequel that offers nothing. Why do they make sequels that are so terrible that they ruin an entire seres?
5|9124|Obviously since this is a mainstream family movie I was skeptical about Jack Blacks ability to be entertaining without Black swearing like a drunk sailor to communicate his disillusionment with the establishment. However, one wonders, where does disillusionment with authority (or as Black puts it the man) begin? In school of course. So therefore who better to teach a bunch of impressionable youngsters to question the hegemony of the man then Jack Black, who is keen to wildly instill a sense of rebellion as he turns his class into a fully fledged rock band. As always, Black pretty much plays himself but with a sensitive tinge when he consoles the various rock and roll acolytes when they doubt themselves. To me this is more than just a feel-good comedy with a stadium rock twist (which it's pretty good at) but it's a modern day parable about how children and adults alike have forgotten their dreams, forgotten how to have fun and forgotten even how to rebel (This is shown in how the flamboyant and wild metal bands of old which Black touts are unknown to the children and repressed by the adults). This film is cleverly analogous of how modern day rockers have forgotten the purpose of Rock and Roll (his students suggest the point of rock and roll is to score chicks or to get loaded). This film curiously embodies the true spirit of Rock better then most music videos ever could in that it shows the characters are able to once again forget their inhibitions, question authority, express themselves and ultimately stick it to the man because that, my friends, is what Rock is all about.
5|6217|First-rate story and great characters; eminently quotable dialogue; a good, twisty plot; gorgeous and dark location shooting, some of which is the essence of noir; and a catchy zither score.
5|22936|The definitive classic cult thriller. Kubrick at his best, with great music, acting, and plot. It is graphic, insightful, meaningful, and mostly accurate to boot. Though as a warning, not for the faint of heart.
5|1578|this movie is a legand, jhonny depp should hav an oscar, its just good
5|15142|My favorite film of all time. And it's as timely now as ever (just turn on your TV in 2004!) Great acting, great screenplay--everything just clicks. The entire cast was in peak form. 
5|7109|Mt vote for the funniest moveie of all time.
5|4400|Terrific movie, and who couldn't love that Donkey. This was truly a very memorable movie that lived up to all it's expectations
5|11324|this movie was co-written with the late, great phil hartman. if you take it as a slapstick or other moron-oriented type of comedy, it will disappoint you, but if you look at it as a saga (hang on) and let it's funny moments become incidental, i promise you, you will recognize that this is one of the funniest movies that you have ever seen. geniuses like phil hartman, and, i daresay, paul rubens, don't feel pressure to entertain, and their punchlines are more subtly interwoven in their scripts, and rewardingly harvested. in other words, the characters can be jokes where in other comedies, dumb phrases carry the burden of entertaining the audience. i find it hard to believe that everybody on earth hasn't already seen this movie, but if you haven't, i recommend it whole-heartedly. it's one of the best i've ever seen.
1|24668|When I first read the list of cast members for this film based on the old TV show, I was very impressed by the selection for Dr. Smith. However, about five minutes in, I sadly came to the realization; even the considerable talents of Gary Oldman could not save this hideously convoluted film rendition of that well-known 1960's TV show. As a matter of fact, if you watched the show back in its original form, the only thing that will seem even mildly familiar to you here will be the names of each character. Beyond that, forget trying to relate anything else to the Lost in Space you once knew. You expect the pace to be quick, but this goes beyond that - hitting warp speed from the get go and never slowing down. This way too zippy non-stop action leaves little time left for character development or, at times, even coherent dialog. The result is that you not only do not care about the characters but at times you can't even follow what is supposed to be going on. It really made me wonder what the person responsible for this mess was thinking when the movie was tossed together. Apparently their goal was to throw in a little of this and that from just about every popular Sci-Fi extravaganza to hit the screen since Star Wars . Either that, or they were actually trying to confuse the audience into believing the story may have had some substance. If that was the case, they didn't manage to include enough. Sadly, they also did not manage to capture the light and appealing Sci-Fi quality that originally was Lost in Space .
5|2071|One of the best movies starring the ever wonderful Keanu Reeves. Not only is he an outstanding actor in every way, but he is very good looking. If anyone brought the movie to a lower level it would have been Sandra Bullock. But even she did a really good job compared to usual. A wonderful movie jam-packed with action and excitement from beginning to end...I highly recommend it...
5|784|Great use of misdirection and playing upon assumptions. Well acted and superbly done. 
5|17999|REAL scary!! One of the best horror movies.
5|4414|This movie was a blast for adults. I laughed at all the clever jokes similar to Finding Nemo it had more than enough to engage and entertain the adults.
5|948|My first cinema experience. Still the best horror film and suspense thriller set on water. Spielbergs mastery was evident even on this film his third as a director. Music, editing and screenplay well composed and executed. 
5|8|The best of the series. As close to perfect as the best movies done in the neo-American style.
5|11330|This is among my favorite movies of all time. It has a ton of quotable lines, and is maybe the only Tim Burton movie where there's a personality at its center that overshadows the odd universe created by the director. Pee Wee (There's things about me you wouldn't understand... things you couldn't understand... things you shouldn't understand) is at his best in this movie. Francis, Dottie, Speck, Amazing Larry, they all rule. (BTW, the biggest laugh I ever got out of a Mystery Science Theater episode came recently when someone quoted Pee Wee using that deep voice, Paging Mr. Herman, from the movie-within-the-movie near its end.)
5|17741|Classic!
5|13527|This is the greatest movie ever made! 
5|6203| A Streetcar Named Desire is a terrific movie. The acting is phenomenal across the board, but Marlon Brando and Vivien Leigh steal the show. With a twisted, dark plot, the movie keeps you on the edge of your seat from start to finish. It's about a woman with a mysterious past who goes to stay with her sister and brother-in-law in the French Quarter in New Orleans. At first, the sister stands out as the strange one, but then you begin to glimpse the dark underbellies of the other characters. It's pretty creepy to see how the plot unfolds. If you haven't seen this movie, I recommend renting it or catching it when it's on TV.
5|13241|Cruise is good in this film but this is definitely Dustin Hoffman at his very finest. He creates for us a sweet little character trapped inside his own mind and as harmless and likeable as small puppy. In the process we also get a rare look into the world of autism and the frustrations family members and caregivers can come to feel. This is a movie with heart and soul - the tale of two brothers and coming to terms with emotions and situations you can t change. My favorite Raymond Babbitz moment is when he is standing in the gigantic window in the Las Vegas hotel room and looking out on all the lights. The shot is wide and from the back and Hoffman looks very small and alone. With his head tilted to one side he quietly says, Very sparkly, very twinkly. That to me summed up Raymond Babbitz very sparkly, very twinkly, and very much alone. What a great film.
1|6792|I know I'm going to get killed for this but Is it possible to hate this movie. Because I do. All the jokes were way too over-the-top to be funny. The funniest stuff you couldn't understand because of their British accents and the ending didn't make much sense. If you want funny comedies watch Airplane, Naked Gun movies, Pink Panther movies and Who Frammed Roger Rabbit. I'm not kidding I didn't enjoy this film. But the credits before the film was funny.
5|18314|Nightmare on Elm Street was one of the first of horror films to add depth to the theme by adding a phycological factor. It wasn't just a face hidden behind a mask out to slaughter everyone....Freddy could only enter in your dreams, and only to those who were the children of Elm Street. It made us think more (and sleep less!). It also had the catchy tune (one, two Freddy's coming for you..) that other horror films don't have. My favorite of the Elm Street series are parts one and three. Part one because it's the original and part three because of the unique ways Freddy tortured his victims. Wes Craven is brilliant!
5|95|Hello Clarise.
5|16339|It seems to me that this film should be viwed from a couple of aspects, that is, looking just at the film itself, and examining it in view of the congtroversy that has been associated with it from even before it was shown. As a film, I think that is excellent from many standpoints: acting, casting, photography, makeup, costumes, scenery, soundtrack, and the telling of the Passion story itself. It certainly is much better on all of those points than a great many movies that Hollywood has turned out lately that garner the reverential Oohs and Aahs of film critics. With respect to the controversy surrounding this production, there have been an awful lot of negative comments, criticisms, and outright attacks on this film that seem to be based more on emotion or liberal ideology than on what I perceive to be fact. The first rumblings about anti-Semitism came befoer anyone actually saw the film. I just saw the film and failed to discern anything that can be construed as anti-Semitism. Historically and factually, there were basically two groups of people involved: Jews and Romans. Christ was a Jew; Christ was killed by the Romans, but at the instigation of the Jews. This doesn't make the film anti-Semitic, any more than it makes it anti-Italian. I'm not too sure how we can spin, twist, distort, or alter the historical context. It's like trying to ignore that it was Germans who killed Jews during the Holocaust. I don't remember hearing mcuh about Schindler's List being an anti-German movie; it was historical fact, and whoever the players were, they were. Bad things happen historically. To say that this movie is anti-Semitic (especially before seeing it, or even without seeing it) is not accurate at all. However, different people look at the same facts differently and come to their own conclusions (sometimes erroneously). The next charge leveled at this movie is that it is violent (it is), or that it is too violent (that is arguable). Personally, although not denying that it was graphically violent (it would be foolish to deny the obvious truth), I can't in all honesty say that it was substantially more violent that plenty of other Hollywood productions. Lots of blood and wounds, but making a movie about a crucifixion and not depicting that kind of violence is like making a war moview without showing any wounds or death (how about some of the graphic mutilations in Saving Private Ryan, or Band of Brothers?). It didn't seem to me have an unrelenting obsession with cruelty and brutality, not do I think it was some kind of diabolical (pun intended) scheme by Gibson to make money at the box office; I believe that Mel was prepared to kiss his $25 million investment goodbye, if need be. The comments by Moosekarloff seem to betray a bit of an anti-Catholic bias (i.e., ...typical RC anti-semitism..., whatever that's supposed to mean). Now the latest round of liberal criticism seems to be centered on pornography and masochism. What's pornographic about this film? Christ in a loincloth? This is one of the most absurd accusations I have heard in this entire bruhaha. The masochism inference is, possibly from a strictly clinical standpoint, somewhat tenable, but this is a film about some nasty soldiers (and soldiers used to be just that in those days, before our culturally enlightened times) doing some really nasty things. Scourging, pretty much by definition, is masochistic if the guys doing it are enjoying it (which they seemed to be in this movie - bad, bad Romans, not bad Jews, you will note). So, we have to give credit to the media for continuing to stoke the files, calling this a bad movie, even though the box office returns show that most Americans don't necessarily agree with their judgement. This film is powerful, and doesn't leave too many people taking middle-of-the-road positions. You either like it (like most people seem to), believe in the story being told (like many, if not most), or just want to carp, criticize, find fault, or trivialize, like others. I guess Jesus would say the choice is yours to make.
5|21595|Stupendous classic the moment it hits the screen. Gorgeous to look at, wonderfully wrought with such loving care and reverence for the literary legend.
5|20853|This is my all time favorite movie! Judy is my favorite actress so that might have something to do with it, but this is just a nice, light hearted musical that always makes me feel better!
5|4372|One of my top faves when I was a kid, and still enjoy it today. A great story of a bunch of adventerous kids. It made every kid I know want to be a Goonie.
1|8754|This movie was HORRIBLE!!!Drew's character Lucy had to live the SAME day over and over until she died!!!Also,the movie was more about that than her relationship with Adam Sandler!!!What was Drew thinking by making this GODAWFUL film!!!"Doppelganger-The Evil Within" was BETTER than this SLOP!!!Hasn't Drew been torchered ENOUGH?!!!Those of you who haven't seen this film,but want to;take my advice:DON'T!!!!See "The Wedding Singer" INSTEAD!!!'Cause believe me,it's a MUCH better film than this one!!!
1|7467|I thought that Meet the Parents was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I didn't care about the characters at all. We never got to fully understand Ben his fiance's relationship, therefore not caring whether they got through this obstacle of meeting her parents. It wasn't funny. I was so bored and annoyed with the movie, I was actually looking away from the screen. I understand how nerve racking it is meeting significant others parents, but this was just too ridiculous. I do have a sense of humor and I do like stupid entertaining movies but this was just stupid. I thought it was horrible. The movie was so predictable so it took away from the funny parts since you knew what was coming up. I thought Ben Stiller was good. His fiance was not. Robert DeNiro used to be great, he was okay in this movie. This movie just rubbed me the wrong way and I ended up walking out with 15 minutes left. Didn't I want to see whether they get back together? Well, no. I didn't care at all. I also knew that they would since the movie was so predictable. I thought about it after I walked out to see if I was too harsh....but I really didn't like the movie.
5|4399|One of few sequels to exceed the original, and as if the original wasn't good enough!
5|20660|Grease is such a fun musical! I don't know a person who can watch a bit of it and not be singing or humming the tunes along with Sandy and Zuko and the rest of the Pink Ladies and T Birds. It didn't set out to be a deeply moving emotional experience..It is what is was meant to be..fun, goofy High School story full of the dramas of teenage love, along with some great dancing and sappy songs.
5|7848|Man is this good. I thought it was absolutely great, funny, feel-good, great performances from Nicholson and Hunt who both deserved their Oscars, this is one of the best films of '97 (along with L.A. Confidential and I guess Titanic), the only fault I found was I wouldn't believe that she would fall for Jack Nicholson. I loved the atmospehere of the film. Great film, see it now. Damn witty too. (Greg Kinnear was great!) Summary: ONE OF THE BEST FILMS OF '97. GREAT. 
5|23369|The greatest movie of 2004!
1|21089|Extremly dull and boring musical that has few numbers, and few good actors.
5|15803|I always cry at this movie!
5|24406|I just saw this movie with my friends and we laughed histerically throughout the whole thing! I am not too good w/ names...so I dont remeber the casts names but I know the stars of the movie...there was David Duchovny (howeva u spell it), from X-Files and there is the cute new star Sean William Scott. he is very SeXy!...hehe and then there is Orlando Jones...now he is histerical! Now this movie is like a ghostbusters..its a comedy adventure! Even Dan Ackroyd had a part in it! All of the monsters are very interesting! Its really well done!! Oh goodness there was this 1 part where Orlando Jones got a alien bug in his body (u may hav seen the previews) And he had to have it pulled out and he had this funi walk 4 a lil while...hahaha It was sooo funni!!!! +Neway I dont wanna give away ne more of this movie.....Just go c I recommend it! : o )
5|7690|Man I cracked up in this. It was absolutely HILARIOUS! It was sometimes a bit stupid, like the whole pissing thing and the robot voice, but in the end, I thought it ws the funniest thing I'd ever seen, well, not really. It was still pretty damn funny though. Get it out and watch it. You'll be in hysterics. Austin Powers will become an icon for cinema. Mike Myers is brilliant. Summary: HILARIOUS, GREAT, MUST-SEE. 
1|20397|I came out of the theatre crying that I wanted those wasted minutes of my life back.
1|3601|As bad as Leathal weapon 1 / 2 / 3.... Dont know how they get away with making such crappy movies....... 
5|22077|A movie I could watch over and over again. The deep plot underlying it is one to ponder, and its ties to philosophy, theology, and religion is ingenius. There are so many little things to notice that you didn't catch the first time. The special effects are nice, the acting is okay, but what really gets me is that little idea that everything around you is a dream world, and the connections to ancient cultures and theories. Excellent, intelligent film.
5|9865|This one is great!Da BOMB!Anyone who I think doesn't like it has no sense of humor and is most likely to be boring cause hey if you dont laugh at this movie you never will!
1|16143|Expected some fun here. Found a sh!tload of virtual emotions based on the political and other things. Brutal and pointless. See and forget. This movie can be seen for time wasting but you wouldn't want to see it after again. SHMACK! 
5|1587|Why is rum gone? This movie has it all! Fights, comedy, you name it!
5|17972|Only the greatest horror film ever. Linda Blair did a great job portraying a girl possesed by the Devil. It is really scary because it seems so real.
1|24697|All flash, no substance. Looks like the pervert wanted his set fantasies acted out in front of him and then decided to write a plot around the scenes. The film could've been profound but instead it ws superficial, poorly put together, and basically the epitome of the TRASH that is churned out by Hollywood presently. It's sickening.
5|17966|This was one of the first horror movies I saw. I was really scared when I watched this movie. This movie got a thumbs up from me!
1|8026|Not funny... needed more work
5|22705|The movie completely baffled me by its special effects. The characters were astoundingly like the cartoon. I have to admit that I may have been lost in who the characters were if my boyfriend hadn't come along.
5|1593|A hugely entertaining film with a fantastic cast - Johnny Depp, Orlando Bloom, Keira Knightly and Geoffery Rush all put up a great performance and bring this very funny film to life. I'm not going to tell you what the film is about as I think you should watch it and see what you think.
5|15817|from all accounts i've read, the marquis de sade was a small, fat, nervous sweaty man who was known for a few deviant acts like those in his writing that proved more the exception of his life than the rule. this movie idealizes him into a dashing, wild figure, played perfectly by rush, an embodiment of liberal spirit rebelling against seemingly omnipotent and omnipresent repressive religious power. sometimes, as with this movie, plumbing the facts for the essence, and revising the story into a fiction like this play is the best thing an artist can do. the movie is a complete success, in acting, with rush, the beautiful and moving winslet, and the maturing phoenix. the dialogue is wonderfully sharp without being vulgar or lost in entendre, and the plot -in that it is a war fought with words, acts of love, torture, embargo, and various other arts- movies along extremely well. perhaps appropriately, the story is always gripping, but moves almost imperceptibly toward an emotional climax which leaves one stunned and wanting more. the marquis de sade will probably never be more than a cult figure in literature, and at that only among the more melancholy souls who still read in this world, but this play elevates him into something far greater than perhaps even he was for all his skills really able to express, and justifiably so. while as the abbot says, he was not the antichrist, but only a lewd man, he was a more than necessary evil; in a way his life was beautiful, and this movie more than gives the devil his due.
5|24412|This movie was so asome and when it comes out on DVD iam going to get the first one on the selfs.I love the plot and the movie added something new to the plot that the game did not have.
1|19502|So darn corny! Let's take off our clothes so we can here better! my husband commented to the kids searching the woods. I can't believe I wasted almost two hours of my life on this!
1|20383|Good Lord, help us all. The first movie should NOT have been made, therefore, the sequel was extremely unnecessary and the THIRD one should have been against the law. I believe it was a dreary Sunday afternoon that my husband was channel surfing and stopped on this ridiculous movie. Yes, I watched it..I needed a brain dead day, and this movie fit the bill. I do not need to see My Buddy Dolls doing the deed (very odd scene). Overall, the movie is the worst movie ever made.
5|7684|Very funny. It will make you laugh.
1|3615|i must admit, im a huge Arnold fan, Predator and Total Recall have to be 2 of the best action movies ever made ( of course total recall greatest sci fi film ever made ). But folks, DONT SEE THIS. It is a disapointment to arnold and he knows it. It may have got 2 thumbs up but they were up their asses at the time...Dont bother with this one.
5|22063|Aliens was by far the best of the Alien series. It showed more aliens was more gruesome than the others. It was truly a thriller!
5|9871|I thought it was funny. Marlon and Shawn Wayans were funny!
1|8740|I thought this movie was derivative and not funny at all.
1|13991|It's good for insomniacs. It put me right to sleep and the plot is a wee too cliche. Good acting though. and who said these guys came out of nowhere? Ben affleck did other really good films long before this one.
1|23852|I have seen better flops from a fish on a river bank...
5|7874|Everyone I know who saw this move loved it. Young, old, men, women, nerds, jocks...
5|13296|It is mind boggling the realistic effects in this movie. A highly recommended movie.
5|21542|What can ya say that hasn't already been said about these great epic films.Cannot wait for more of Peter Jackson's works.
1|13761|suck
5|10947|One of my favorite films, Bob and Doug McKenzie rule!
5|42|An Excellent Awesome Great Adventure Flick!!!
5|747|Beautifully depicted the life of the French Indian War. Good battle scenes, with a romantic and heroic fame to it.
5|5905|Classic Hitchcock! He simply has no equal! Superb directing, and casting all around.
5|12836|It's been a while since I've seen this. I just remember it being great. I guess you have to first love 'Apocalypse Now' to love this. If you love that, you'll love this - fact.
5|23433|This movie is great. Futristic movie that had a great storyline and superb action. One thing that made this movie complete was the excellent soundtrack.
1|18146|Stupid
1|19258|are u kidding me? This film sucks a root!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5|12822|I've been waiting for this movie to come out for 15 years, ever since I read the book of the same name in the late 80s. The true-life story of 2 British climbers in the Andes in 1985 who summited Siula Grande, a 21,000 foot peak, then suffered a horrific catastrophe on the way down. That Joe Simpson survived to tell the tale is beyond belief. The book is extremely well-written, and one might think that the weight of expectations would make any movie pale in comparison. But this movie delivers. Sticking closely to the original tale, in a unique blend of documentary narration by the principal characters, coupled with reenactments so superb and realistic that you forget you're watching a movie, Touching the Void will stick in your mind long after you leave the theater. One of those rare movies that sucks you in so deep and so profoundly that you feel visceral shudders of horror and fear as the tale unwinds. Do not miss this movie!
5|17782|I feel this is a classic horror movie. Good suspense feel with minimal blood and gore. No really gratuitous nude scenes which I like. I was drawn into the story and felt genuinely scared. Jamie Lee Curtis was convincing. Really probably the best Halloween movie.
1|9304|This was sopposed to be a comedy movie? You gotta be kidding me-it sucked!
5|753|I loved Last of the Mohicans because it told of the Native American roots. The Last of the Mohicans was directed and produced beautifully. Never once did I get lost or confused in the movie. The main actors were really great taking you into the journey of that era.
5|2918|It was a powerful movie suited for almost any person. I went against my will but was pleasantly surprised. George Clooney and Mark Wahlberg were very convincing and my heart went out to the lives of those fishermen. A drama for any person.
5|20648|Catchy show tunes that are great to boogie to at a dance. It has a short cute plot about the dramas of love. But in the end, everything works out so all are happy.
5|56|This is on my Top 10 list.
1|11162|Just see the first one. The other two are like a bunch of Saturday Night Live sketches lumped together and dragged out as much as humanly possible. The biggest laugh was when Ozzy Osborne was shown, just for how dated the movie will be in a few years. The first one was funny and original, they should have just left it alone after that.
5|23341|Patricia Neal was never better...
5|7860|There's no false-advertising in this title. Helen Hunt Nicholson are superb, but Greg Kinear steals the show. 
5|6439|This is a great sci-fi flick. It carried an anti-nucleur message that was big in 1951. I was worried as a kid that Patricia Neal would forget Klaatu Barata Nikto!
5|14472|I really got into 'Almost Fanous'. This movie really took me back..! Tells it like it is in the music scene even today. I was there in Hollywood during the Jim Morrison and DOORS episode is my point. As well as I was there in person when Grace Slick and The Jefferson Airplane performed their first public performance at the Long Shoreman's Hall in S.F. (The Greatful Dead appeared on the same night, later) Really an enjoyable flick..!
5|1356|I love Quentin Tarantino. Nobody knows how to write a plot like him. I love how the story is told from different points of view and the plot is like a puzzle which slowly fits to create a thrilling climax. There are great twists at the end. Wonderful movie.
5|12003|I loved this movie! It showed that being popular isn't a must. Its cute and a lot like the world today
5|19630|Creepy!
5|16503|Strange version of this classic play, but when we've first got used to it, it's very romantic with great acting from both gender! :o)
5|814|Wow. AS soon as the movie was at its resolution, I knew it was a good movie. The end, however, left me stunned and speechless. The people who made this movie couldn't have done any better. The little boy (what was his name?) should definetly appear in more movies. I believe he is very talented (even more talented than some of the actors today). Bruce Willis's acting speaks for itself. He's wonderful, as always!
5|4548|I have not even seen this movie yet, but already I can tell it rocks! Everyone look up the next Disney/Pixar movie CARS on google and watch the trailer. It looks OK, pretty funny @ the start of the trailer, but then it goes downhill. O well, i will still see it! haha.
5|7041|Everyone agrees this movie is a classic. The comic genius is undeniable. Alone or with a large group this movie is hilarious and entertaining. Everyone wants to be or have a friend like Ferris Bueller.
1|20546|Worst sporting event ever! I was told that a Nascar event was the place to see hot tail, sadly I was mistaken. The women looked like what I expected them to look like and whats up with the confederate flag? I tried to watch it because I heard it was so exciting, but I feel asleep on lap 20! I think to enjoy Nascar, you need to be intoxcicated, and I felt that these drivers were trying to hard to act like tough guys. Hey buttholes, stop wasting our precious fuel and stop calling yourselves athletes. If they're athletes, everyone who drives a car, truck, or a bus is an athlete! When is the last time you looked at a bus driver and thought that this guy is the Michael Jordan of bus driving? Never! Plus, Nascar never goes off on time, so it causes me to miss my favorite show The Simpsons. I just want to race daddy I just want to race!
5|1430|This movie is an outright classic. Never has a Vietnam epic been depicted in such a psychotic, yet moving fashion. Apocalypse Now never gives you a moment to relax and just stare at the screen. You will constantly find yourself questioning the sanity of the characters and yourself. A definite must see.
5|7055|Best movie ever.
5|8366|There was no doubt in my mind that this was a boy in a man's body! Hanks had this part down perfectly, even down to the body language of a 12 year old. The piano scene in F.A.O. Schwartz is a classic..as is the boy in the man's suit going home to his mom and leaving behind his love that is probably about the same age as his mother!
1|10491|I'd rather watch 90 minutes of Previews.
5|1424|Words fail me. I saw this film for the first time, today and I cannot even begin to tell you how absolutely stunning it is. Francis Ford Coppola has gained my vote as one of cinema's greatest filmmakers. THE GODFATHER PART I and II are his greatest achievements, but APOCALYPSE NOW is a tour de force of a movie.
5|17609|Would love to see more of these. Hollywood is making more trashy films, and despite the fact they are rated, adults stilllet children tag along. I am tired of Hollywood being the Sodom of Gommorah and Babylon, that is why I don't hardly go to movies anymore. Even my Television is practically turned off now. I do more reading, things that will up lift instead of the SMUT I view. 
1|24734|I loath this film. What a waste of the talented Miss Angelina Jolie and production costs. They could have made twelve films the size of Girl, Interrupted with that budget. There is no plot. There is no entertaining action sequences. There are no interesting characters. There are no interesting back stories. There are parts where they tried to add in comic relief but it came off as dull pointless chatter. Most of the dialouge in this film was so mind numbing all I could hear were clicking sounds. Angelina Jolie is still one very attractive woman and this film proves it once again, yes, I would like to get hot and heavy with this vixen. Beyond that this film has nothing. Absolutly nothing. It is a summer movie. But those are usually entertaining! I have never been so bored in an action film in my entire friggin life! There is a funny part though. In the beginning there is a shower scene with Lara Croft (Which shows more skin than the usual PG-13 fair) and later on is a part where we think we are about to be treated to another Lara Croft shower scene, when all of a sudden it pans down to reveal...A MAN!!! Only laugh out loud part of the movie. All the guys were like OH yea!!! Then the camera pans down to reveal a square chin covered in stubble and a receeeding hair line AHHH SH*T, MAN! Great moment. I wonder if the film makers did this intentionally?
5|11278|This movie was way too funny.Rob rules.
5|19142|This is a fast paced thriller. It is a cool idea and a good adaptation from the comic book. The acting is good and the special effects are great.
5|16271|Spike Lee's ground-breaking masterpiece. I love this movie. DO THE RIGHT THING is a film that leaves you thinking. Just stunning filmmaking.
5|10600|Hilarious movie from beginning to end. Bill Murray is great in every movie I've seen him in
5|1342|This movie was INTENSE. But never abused cheap tactics, explosions, or cheezy romantic dialogue. It's dialogue, in fact, is probably second only to Pulp Fiction in quality and humor. We see the perfect crime go horibly and tragically awry without ever seeing it happen. Even though the main players are all cold-blooded killers, in their plight, we find sympathy, and actually care about what happens to them. These are the markings of a good film.
5|15778|The truth about attending IU in the movie is great. I was there and coached 3 Little 500 teams in which Steve Tesich rode! I saw the friction and fights between townies and students and knew a lot of stone-cutters. Paul Dooley is a gem of a father; and the guys have it just right. Life is Bloomington is just as depicted. By the way, I'm in the opening of the race scenes, but not as an actor.
5|7733|Released in 1964, Stanley Kubrick's Dr. Strangelove Or How I Learned To Stop Worrying And Love the Bomb is cinema in its finest art form. While the dominant Cold War theme is a bit dated now, the film serves a practical purpose today, namely to give a genuine feel of what conditions the world was under during that time for subsequent generations notwithstanding the strong undertones of dark humor. For the uninitiated, the basic story is that American Air Force General Jack D. Ripper (Sterling Hayden) sends the attack signal to an airborne bomber piloted by Maj. T.J. King Kong (Slim Pickens). Capt. Lionel Mandrake (Peter Sellers) realizes that Ripper is crazy and attempts to contact the President (Peter Sellers) who is barricaded in the war room with his advisors, the hawkish Gen. Buck Turgidson (George C. Scott) and ex-Nazi Dr. Strangelove (Peter Sellers) as well as the Russian ambassador (Peter Bull). As the men debate the merits of letting the chips fall or trying to stop the bomber, Maj. Kong is doing his best to fulfill his duties in nuclear combat, toe to toe with the Russkies. Kong eventually rides the big one down after freeing a jammed bomb. The casting was superb, with Sellers playing three parts (originally four until Pickens was cast as Kong which was much better). An interesting contrast is with the film Failsafe (1964) which has the same basic story yet is straight and in color, while Strangelove is back and white with dark comedy. The bottom line is that Dr. Strangelove Or How I Learned To Stop Worrying And Love the Bomb reaches the pinnacle in film as an art form and remains relevant today while other similar themed movies are outdated.
5|8400|i laughed so f* hard
5|20933|My favourite movie of all time. This movie is funny, heartbreaking and romantic. It's defiantely one for the ages. It is fabulous, with amazing sets, dance, music and two great stars, in particular Ewan McGregor. This movie is great to see with a boyfriend/girlfriend and of course if you love any of the lead actors. Luhrmann mixes a musical with such vibrant colour, energy and originality that it will keep you wanting more. It's a fun film that at some points will leave you smiling and laughing from ear to ear, e.g. the juke and his fabulous 'Like a Virgin' number. It will also make you cry or at least be moved by the powerful performers where you actually believe these people are in love. Just to round off, it is a story about beauty, freedom, truth and love, Overcoming all obstacles . A fun movie, especially for hopeless romantics.
5|11536|terri and steve rule
5|10628|Real good movie, not as good as Rushmore, but the scene where it blatently shows the painting in the backround with the 4 wheelers with masks on has to be one of the funniest things i've ever seen.
5|6405|I can't belive that nobody gave this 5 stars this movie is awesome!! Lon Chaney gave a GREAT performance! it was one of the best performances ever given!! I love this movie and I've watched it several times, it never gets old it's so fun to watch Lon Chaney as The Phantom! and I like the setting of the movie, The Paris Opera is beautiful! it's a great flim! it deserves 5 stars! Lon Chaney is one of the greatest actors that ever lived! 
5|12981|One of the best movies I have ever seen. Great acting, great show
5|14328|I loved this movie. It was funny and sad. I like a movie that makes you laugh and then brings tears. That is what real life is like.
5|9050|One of the funniest movie of all time.
5|13447|Forrest Gump was a touching movie. Everyone I went to go see it with agrees that the movie was worthy of a Oscar. Indeed it is.
5|22842|Lucky enough to see it the night before it opened. I loved it. It is amazing how some of the things in the movie looked exactly as I imagined them to. Diagon Alley for example was almost a perfect match, as was Gringott's. Hogwarts itself was very different from what I imagined, but it was very cool. I loved the moving staircases! The actors all perfectly conveyed their characters, and I especially liked Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson and Rupert Grint as Harry, Hermione and Ron. Robbie Coltrane as Hagrid was wonderful and they could not have picked a better Dumbledore or Snape! I do have only one concern though. The book was about 150 pages, the movie was about 2.5 hours... What happens when we get to Goblet of Fire at 750 pages? In all, I highly recommend this movie!
5|6363|Good music, great photography, Marlon Brando and Karl Malden at their best,talking about traitors a subject very fragil but very good for a man like Kazan that lived persecutions,the best film of Elia Kazan 
5|18512|I think Scream is one of the most creative horror movies ever created. They make it feel like you know what's happening, then all of a sudden they give you a big twist at the end and it leaves you really stunned.
5|17635|The most powerful giant monster movie of all time.
5|21387|The best Star Wars movie ever! Great plotline, action, special effects, and battles!!!
1|24708|I didn't think this movie was very good because the ending ruined the whole movie. The special effects were good but the way that Kevin Bacon dies like three times isn't very pleasing.
1|23067|Sucked. This movie completly ruined the franchise. Darth Maul was the only cool character and they killed him off. What were they thinking?
5|7069|One of the greastest comedy movies of our day.
5|15022|I love this movie! It's one of my favorites. It's a very haunting and disturbing film in some ways, but overall it is an excellent human drama. The performances are awesome- I think it includes some of Winona Ryder's best work and of course Angelina Jolie was simply amazing and disturbingly natural as sociopath Lisa. The story has a timeless quality- it could've easily taken place today because the world is just as crazy and screwed up as it was back in the late 1960s. The supporting actors were great too, from Whoopi Goldberg to Brittney Murphy (Daisy is a hoot, of course until she does the obvious later on in the film) to Jared Leto and Vanessa Redgrave, in addition to the various young actresses who played the other patients in the ward. It has some very funny scenes, yet I get tears in my eyes watching other parts, like when the burned girl Polly looks at a picture of herself when she was younger and before she burned herself. I don't think it's just a chick flick - it's an awesome movie and story everyone can somehow relate to! See this movie ASAP!
5|12995|Shawshank Redemption was really great. I would reccomend it to everyone.
5|1418|I've only seen the redux, but since they added a nude scene I don't mind. Lots of carnage, lots of surealism, and Kilgore was hilarious.
5|23590|This was a great, exciting and adventurous movie that really lets you get a look at what the medieval times were like. The story is fast moving and holds the audience in awe.
5|13453|Forrest Gump is THE GREATEST MOTION PICTURE in the history of American cinema. Every other movie should be compared to Gump and then be determined if it meets the criteria of what a good movie is. Gump has every possible type of genre in it and at the same time has one of the most simplistic story lines ever. The acting is wonderful, the story is great, the cinematography is extraordinary and director Robert Zemeckis is one of the most brilliant directors in motion picture history. He is also one of the most overlooked directors in Hollywood today. He is able to give us movies better than that of Spielberg yet does not get much recognition. To think that it was the same man who brought us Back To The Future I, II, III, Death Becomes Her, Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Forrest Gump, Contact and the soon to be released What Lies Beneath and Cast Away is truly a master Filmmaker. When I found out that Forrest Gump was number 71 on the AFI's list of 100 movies I very disappointed. How could the best movie of all time be at number 71? Then I finally realized why it was at number 71. It turns out that the list was made by idiots. I don't think that there's anyway that Tootsie is a better movie than Forrest Gump. Now I'm not usually one to go about and write my opinion on something so strongly but what really made me mad was reading a review about Gump on the IMDB by Ben Morgan. He seemed to hate the movie yet his review had nothing but good things to say about it. He starts off by saying, Surely Forrest Gump must rate as one of the biggest dupes of all time. Quite how the marketeers managed to pass this off as a great film is beyond my powers of reason. Yet he goes on to say things like: I would put this film into the same sort of class as the Wonder Years -What's so bad about the Wonder Years. It's a great show. The cast is good with Gary Sinise very good as Gump's Vietnam Sergeant. Sally Field is well cast as Gump's mother the effects are very nicely added the soundtrack is predictably well chosen given the period of time it covers It's little more than a period piece chronicalling American Life across three decades and how it affected one man, namely Mr Gump -No sh*t Sherlock. And what really, really made me mad was when he said: In years to come the Shawshank Redemption and Pulp Fiction will be looked upon much more favourably than the over-awarded Forrest Gump. I doubt it highly buddy. What is it about Forrest Gump that's so special to some people and yet so fake and cheesy to others? What do these other people consider to be a good movie? Tootsie?? Perhaps the reason that Forrest Gump is such a good movie is because it has this certain mood to it. This sort of magical feeling that stays with you for a long, long time. A feeling of knowing what it was like to live through the decades of American history and seeing just how foolish and loving the world is. I am proud to say that Forrest Gump is an extraordinary movie that changed my life in the way that I see movies and all I can do is feel sorry for the people that didn't like this movie because they're the ones that are truly missing out. Evan Campbell, Winnipeg, Canada 
5|6377|MMM-MMM good. That is what Audrey Hepburn is in this film. She is at her finest in this mix of comedy and drama which co-stars the equally as talented Gregory Peck. The story never drags and the 2 stars ignite enough fire to light up New York City for days. Definitely see this classic.
5|22856|This movie is cool fun to see whith some freinds.
5|13335|This movie was epic. How could someone not enjoy this? It depicts what it might have really been like. Very lifelike, very cool.
5|9722|great one
5|6411|Movies usually blow it when dealing with issues of racism...films often make the common mistake (like we all do) of simply painting one character as 'good' and the other as 'evil'. I believe this film is the greatest exploration of racism I've ever seen in a movie. Nobody's simply 'good' or 'evil'- all characters are developed and the performances are spectacular. Rod Stieger as the small-town sheriff is unforgetable. Sidney Poitier as the Philadelphia cop is no less fascinating. Watch the film as these two stubborn characters learn just enough about each other to learn mutual respect. Just a powerful example of great filmmaking.
1|16962|I heard a lot of bad things about this..and they're all completely justified - confusing, pretentious and overlong. The denouement was as much of an irritating cop-out as Bobby Ewing's dreaming the whole of one series in 'Dallas'.
1|20208|Correct me if I am wrong, but, in most horror movies, isn't it the general consensus that we want the protagonist(s) to get away from the evil killer? I think that is the only respect in which Valentine differs from stupid horror movie fare. You actually want these horrid actors to die. Even though the deaths were really disapointing. I suppose the idea in itself is meritorus, but it just came out to be a jumbling mixture of over and under acting, at-times confusing plotline, not to mention the pathetic killer. The murderer is suppose to invoke within the viewer a sense of tense watchfulness. Who will be next? How will they die? In Valentine, one just sits there, not really caring who dies and how (except for when it's really funny like when that crazy guy dies by iron). All in all, I (big surprise) have to say that I do not recommend this movie. Well not if you want to be scared, at any rate. If you want to have a laugh at the expense of a crappy film, well then by all means.
5|20927|Spectacular musical. It sets a new film standard to match - the epic musical. Flawless from beginning to end. Painted on the richest canvas imaginable...making everything old seem new again. What a surprise it was to hear the Kidman/MacGregor duets. I couldn't wipe the smile off my face. 
5|17153|An interesting subject, a good story, a great director and an wonderfull melody. But over all a magic couple - Barbra Streisand and Robert Redford.
5|2677|This movie puts you on the edge of your seat from beginning to end. It's fast pace equally matches the speed of the cars, and all without losing plot detail. I found that the movie, while dramatic and action filled, still intertwined a sense of comedy.
5|169|One of the best movies ever made and if you have any Scottish heritage it will fill you with a lot of pride. The battle scenes are the best I have ever seen. Mel Gibson did an excellent job before and behind the camera. Probably my favorite movie of all time.
5|2844|Funniest gangs ever. The baseball gang, the rollerskating kids gang, the gang of hippy chicks, and the gang of dirty mods. Not to mention those skid marks shouting Warriors... come out and play! All of them dangerous... all of them deadly. Hahahaha, yo man why can't today's gangs be more colourful like these ones? Oh wait, that's right. Colours is what their all about now.
5|15977|Tom Cruise is great. Great acting. Powerful. Good cinematography.
1|19462|Really stupid.
1|19304|Just stupid.
5|24214|Way underrated as a movie, maybe a little too cerebral for a comic book movie.
1|11980|Like the trash heap that is the American Pie series, this movie series never deserved to be made either. Once again, sex jokes are used as a crutch just to attract the teens when parody and comedy can be executed just as well in clean ways. Don't even get paid to watch it!
5|22665|X-Men was a good ass movie, and it stayed good enough with the comic book.
1|8146|Any Jim Carey movie is totally predictable and boring. 
5|17806|Much better than the cheap televison remake. Jack Nicholson sure knows how to play a loony. Kept you on e the edge of your seat. The book was much better though. Everyone should see this movie. It is a classic.
5|5695|A friend of mine used to be crazy about this movie all her teenaged and adult life. She tried to get me to watch it, but I thought it would be old and boring. I started my love affair with GWTW qne month ago and I have watched the movie at least once a week since then. It just keeps getting better. I am reading the book and now I am a GWTW junkie. I have watched and read Scarlett and they are the perfect compliment to both the original book and movie.Vivian Leigh and Clark Gable were a perfect match for the film.Truly the greatest love story ever told!
1|12251|Oh Lord, this was bad. The only thing that would have made it worse is having Sandler, Schneider or Carrey in the cast.
5|5859|When I was younger, I thought life couldn't possibly be long enough to watch the movie more than once. Since then, I've seen it four or five times and each time found something new.
1|12245|A sequel.
5|20066|This is truly an excellent movie. Not to spooky, but the possibility of something like the witch is kind of frightening. A good movie to watch. Enjoy!
5|6388| King Kong is the film from which the action/adventure epic was born. From it's dazzling special effects, (for there time, although they do hold up quite well today) to the ambitious-ness of it's story, Kong was (and is) entertainment at its best, particularly in a time when the world was in dire need of it. DEFINATELY one of my all-time favorites!
5|7096| Young Frankenstein A must see down right funny.Madeline Khan wonderful, and Gene Wilder you can still see his pretty blue eyes in black and white. A classic.
5|22117|One of the weirdest and best movies you may ever see. The Matrix combines awesome special effects, a great story line, and spectacular acting all into one of the best Sci-Fi films ever. This is a must see for any fans of the unusual. Don't leave the movie store without it.
5|7928|This movie is a classic, and should be required viewing for everyone before they die!
5|1381|With an all-star cast, this film definately delivered. I always enjoy watching this film- a great mix of action and coemdy. Tom Arnold and Arnold Schwarzenneger had a very unique chemistry, and I thought that Tom Arnold did a wonderful job as the wisecracking annoying sidekick. I espescially like his line at the end: I'm sick of sitting in the van.... . Jamie Lee Curtis also gave a great performance as Schwarzenegger's clueless, naiive, shy wife. I love the way she makes the transition from good little housewife to bad girl in her notorious dance scene. That scene was both hilarious and sexy. I reccomend this film to anyone who is a fan of Jamie Lee Curtis or Schwarzenneger, or if you're just looking for a funny as hell action flick.
5|3596|Great Movie, American Media should make more like it.
1|24091|Ben Affleck is the worst actor ever.
1|7507|What a train wreck! Coming after the brilliant Animal House I expected greatness, but OY! Hackneyed, stupid schlock.
5|15793|This was such a sad story. At first it's all fun and games, where the main charcter expects to sell drugs forever. But as they feel an uptick in progress, police are everywhere. Eventually, he loses everything, even the hallusination of his daughter.
1|3749|Martin Lawrence and Steven Zahn have chemistry, but this unfunny and painful comedy is a real disaster.
5|7900|Many of my friends had talked about how great this movie was for a long time. So, about a year ago, I finally rented it and was really pissed that it had taken me so long to see it. It is definitely one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. One of the more amazing aspects about the movie is that, for the most part, it wasn't scripted. So deep in their characters, the actors came up with many of the lines on the spot. Rob Reiner is great as the documentary film maker who follows around and interviews the band. And, the three bandmates are tremendous. This is Spinal Tap is a true original.
5|17184|i think this is the imax movie,so maybe it should be put in there,cuz it's not a drama,it's about extreme sports
5|20728|I really enjoyed My Fair Lady. Audrey Hepburn was definitely an asset to the movie. Her grace and elegance graced the screen. This is a movie that you can share with a family or a special someone.
5|155|I love this movie. It's probably the best movie I've ever seen. The acting is brilliant. It is basically a masterpiece; A film that you can watch over and over again. It never really gets old. Everytime I see it I'm in awe.
5|2878|I love this movie cause halle berry is in it!Shes a very smart,funny,and sexy actress she really done good!Although its not a major fav its good even though people down it they don't have good tatse anyway of what real movies are!
5|21436|A lot of fun, and reasonably well scripted and acted. Much the best of the trilogy.
5|5871|It may not be factual, but visually there is no movie that can touch it. And that's what motion pictures are really all about.
1|15502|This movie was about 2 1/2 hours to long. I cared more about the ship then the useless made up characters that brought very little to the plot. Most over rated picture of alllll timmmmeee.
5|19817|Very creepy and disturbing.
5|633|THIS IS THE MOVIE TO WATCH.R lee is the best drill instructer ever! HOO AH
5|23547|A great installment in the superhero series. I would even say it was better than the first movie. Fun and charming, it had better flow and held the attention better than the first Spider-man movie did. Great special effects and a good storyline, Tobey Maguire has the role of Peter Parker down to an art. I hope he continues to play the masked hero since this film left the doors wide open for a third. Definitely worth seeing.
5|13484|I came across this movie for the first time a few years ago and it held my attention right to the end. The way the boys stick together and the things they go through on their adventure is amazing and the movie is very well-made. I look for it all the time when I'm flipping through the channels.
1|18026|what is soo great about this movie i dont see anything
5|22659|It is the most tight ass movie there is. It should win an Oscar. They should come out with a part two. There are enemies in the world that compared.
5|12956|The Shawshank redemption was a great movie. It was a story about one man's quest to continue living even though his life was taken away. Being tossed in jail for killing his wife, Andy has to survive long enough to possibly get out or clear his name. Great movie.
5|23553|I would recommend this movie during Halloween. This movie, when it first arrived at the theaters, frightened me, because this was considered to be the future.
5|8399|One of my all time favorite comedy films- I'll never ever get bored watching this times, and I'll probably watch it 100 more times in my lifetime. It's just a lot of crazy, whacky humor that will make you laugh until you cry. A classic and one of Leslie Nielson's best.
5|5865|This is generally considered the best movie ever made.
5|10199|It's probably one of the only musicals I actually like. It stars Johnny Depp as a very angry self-confessed juvenile delinquent with his friends Milton, Wanda, and Milton's girlfriend Hatchet-Face. Then they befriend an uptight prudish girl named Allison Vernon Williams (Amy Locane). Their lifestyles collide and lots of hysteria and chaos unravels. 
1|12279|Who are these apologists? The critics were right to trash this dog of a movie.
5|141|Nothing I could say could even begin to give Silence of the Lambs the praise it deserves. By far it is the best horror movie, although it's not the original version (Manhunter was first). Words could not say enough... amazing.
5|23235|No matter what others might say...this film is good. The story is excellent,(as many harry potter fans will tell you!) and the directing has made the magical side of it stand out in a fantasical quality. For all the fans out there i do agree that it is a great movie. The director has done a great job bringing the books to life so far and i think that this film was better than the last one. Having read the books there are a few differences in from the orginal story, but how can you expect a movie from such an imaginitive book to be exactly the same as the written version? This film following from the perviuos is one of those rareties...a sequel that is actualy as good (and better) than the first one...i look forward to the next movie and advise everyone to try and see this film.It was one of the must sees for the past year and now that its on DVD its even better!
5|13679|Oprah and Whoopie Goldberg were excellent in this soulful, spiritual film about women's relationships, love, sexuality and hardships.
1|10687|This is the worst movie I've ever seen.
5|15208|One of the best movies of all time. A true human interest film. Excellent story and easy to follow. The ending rivals that of any movie. Al Pacino gives an awesome performance worthy of an Oscar.
5|12567|Holocaust movie, but it takes place in present day (not too many flashbacks either, and those are hazy): "Never forget." That's the whole movie, but I haven't ruined it for you, since the impact is in the delivery. Glorious Van Gogh colors, quirky touches of humor, then hinting entry of unease, and "whomp!" a blow to the chest leaving me dumbfounded, frozen, eyes welled-up--when I got to my car I cried and couldn't stop. Wows, huhs, a psychological trip I couldn't forget if I tried. Stars Elijah Wood as Jonathan, "the collector," an American Jew who ponders a photo of late grandfather w/mysterious woman from WWII Ukraine and sets on a journey to find her. Hooks up w/makeshift family buisness "Heritage Tours" that guides rich Jews thru Ukraine in search of personal history. Cranky old grandfather Alex drives (tho he claims he's blind), Americaphile grandson Alex translates, and Sammy Davis Jr, Jr ("seeing eye bitch") rides along. (historical background, not from movie: after Nazi invasion of Soviet Union, mass killings of Jews were done by mobile units, even by auxiliary police and pogroms conducted by locals...Ukraine, place of movie, was one such place) 
5|7243|i'd like to rate my uncles movies but ive only seen cool runnings. john candy was my great uncle...i never met him personally. what happened to him? i dont want to bring up the subject in my family, it might be too upsetting!!
1|12090|Pathetic.
5|5454|One of the most entertaining movies of all time!
5|17379|A man is on his way to his daughter's birthday when he is abducted. While he is held captive, he is framed for his wife's murder. He is released after 15 years in captivity. He then goes on mission to find out why he was held for 15 years. He finds the person responsible for his captivity, then his captor says, Why did I release you after 15 years? One of the cruelest movies I have ever seen. Great movie.
1|20022|Is this over yet? I thought the first one, maybe two were interesting. I was more interested to find out where Jason came from. But please..haven't we had enough of stupid trollops hanging around in bras and panties in a cabin saying, What's that noise. 'I have a great idea, I will put a rain coat over my scivvies and go trapsing around the pitch black campground with a flashlight that has no batteries and follow that sound of someone screaming and being bludgeoned.' These movies frustrate me more than anything. I find myself screaming, You dumb naked tramp, don't go into the abandaned outhouse, don't you freakin' see the six by six foot pool of blood you are standing in and your boyfriend's head on the stick in front of you?! 
1|2872|sucked - Travolta at his worst, though I give the guy credit for so effectively milking one good comeback performance in Pulp Fiction for so damn long
5|8602|i thoughtit was hilarious
5|7531|A funny movie that will go down in the classic department. Everytime I see it I still laugh and I love movies that friendships develope in the strangest places!
1|20036|Insert sound of gagging here.
5|1140|Say hello to my little friend.
5|14664|This is one of those movies that makes you feel good. It makes you want to dance, even if you aren't a dancer. The acting is so-so, but the dancing is incredible, especially the ballets at the end. To top it all off, the guys are hot (Sascha Radetsky = Charlie).
5|21807|AMAZING! That's all I have to say...AMAZING!
5|2449|The picture was stunningly beautiful with impressive cinematography, the action was lively with great special effects, the acting was realistic and believable and the plot was touching yet simple. It's a fantastic film that everyone should see!
5|16073|I generally show little to no interest in movies, but John Q kept me on the edge of my seat and held my attention the whole 2 hours. I really enjoyed it. It had great acting, writing, drama, and suspense.
5|4038|At first, I thought I would hate this movie, but after I saw it I decided it was one of the best kids' movies out now! It was entertaining for my 11 year old sister, but it was also entertaining for me. I laughed so much! I highly suggest seeing this in the theatre for the great visual and sound effects.
5|16715|Will did a great job. Jammie 5 stars. Will by this one.
1|15933|A great movie if you run out of tylenol PM.
5|19426|Classic Fulci Italian horror. All I have to say is, Splinter in the eye.
1|24536|Please don't waste your time and money on this Hollywood piece of junk. Aside from 'Battelfield Earth', 'Mission to Mars' is one of the most boring and tepid movies I've had the misfortune of viewing. Hollywood really has run out of ideas.....special effects alone does not make a great movie!
5|5440|One of the greatest dramas ever filmed.Asuperb cast,fantastic story and great score.Alec Guiness as the crazed British Colonel intent on showing British superiority over his captors by building a bridge that will harm the British war effort carries this movie.Playing an American who escaped from the camp,William Holden, turns in a stirling performance as the man who must destroy the bridge.A true masterpiece.
1|10693|Adam Sandler really goes over the top, sending a message to the audience of careless child care. It runs really slow at times.
5|8164|I gave it a 5 because Jim Carrey is a ball of laughter. Very funny movie.
5|4776|This movie is great, it makes history fun!! and it keeps you entertained!! what can I say I love it!!
5|21191|Five Stars - just for the appearance of Louis Armstrong his All Stars with the unforgettable James Stewart!!!
5|2307|An excellent thriller with an outstanding cast. The effects are awsome a good candidate for IMAX redo.
5|17423|It's extremely awesome! Comedy and adventure all in one.
5|5468|First class, toungue-in-cheek suspense thriller by the greatest filmmaker of all time! North By Northwest does not deserve to be this low on the list at all! I would think that such an entertaining movie would TOP the list!
5|6161|The critics didn't like this flick, but I enjoy Gregory Peck clumping around in this Manichean quest of good vs evil in the Melville story of the hunt for the Great White Whale. John Huston directed and Ray Bradbury worked on the screenplay.
5|23786|Will Smith was perfect for the role. I liked the story, it seemed like it could happen. The aliens were very creative. It was the best movie of that summer to come out.
5|15234|This is an absolutely fantastic film that was made in 1975. it stars Al Pacino as the main character Sonny - he's trying to rob a bank helped by his friend Sal in order to pay for his male lovers sex change. He had everything planned out (or so he thought) until he finds out that the money had already been removed before he had got there. So he decides to hold the bank clerks and manager hostage and the situation becomes desperate. The local police, led by Sergeant Moretti (Charles Dunning) try to get the situation under control, but because of Sonny's charisma, the general public who are outside support Sonny and the whole thing becomes a media circus. You do feel yourself willing Sonny and Sal to be ok and to live happily ever after, especially when Sonny's wife and male lover become involved and you think they are going to get away with it. But it ends so tragically. This is a timeless film and really shows Al Pacino's magnificance as an actor and the script is amazing. If you are a fan of Al Pacino and you haven't seen this, I urge you to. 
5|22498|This film is absolutely amazing and for me it is far superior than the book it originated from (Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep by Phillip Dick) I grew up watching this film and I expect my kids will grow up watching classics such as this and Star Wars too if I have my way. It has an absolutly fantastic cast, Hsrrison Ford, Sean Young, Reutger Hauer, Daryl Hannah and many others. Its an extremely dark film, not only with the plot, but with the sets as well. I'm not going to rehash the plot of the film as you can find out from other comments that have been made. The photography is amazing, the actors are extremely convincing and I think that this film helped make some of them in the film industry and Vangelis' music is absolutely gorgeous and brings a great ambience to the film. This film is still one of the best, there was love with making this film and its far, far better than the majority of movies that were made today - after all, most of the films released now are just thinking about how much money they can make at the box office. 
5|7519|An all-time classic. I think it's a law somewhere...if you're from Chicago, you HAVE to like this movie.
5|1168|Stallone's finest hour.
5|6607|I loved this movie. It does a great job of showing what life was like in the Jewish communities of Russia in the 1800's. It is both humorous and dramatic.
5|13123|Steven Spielburg did an outstanding job directing this movie. The cinematography is wonderful. Most of the movie is in black and white except for the famous red coat. The movie is very historical and shows the brutal truth of the Holocaust.
5|9534|GOOD CHARACTER STUDY;CUTE COMEDY
5|18076|This is one of the few SK movies I really liked. Great story and excellent acting. Kathy Bates was magnificent and deserved that Oscar.
5|394|My favorite movie of the summer. It was very realistic because they used real characters, settings (Rome), and clothing (armor, weapons). This movie made my girlfriend cry. If you like action with out guns, this movie tops it off. The storyline was well written and the acting was good.
5|17345|This is said to be the best French movie ever produced, and I don't doubt it a sec! It's fabulous! It gives you such a good feeling, although Amelie doesn't only do good things...but we forget it 'cause the other people (the ones she doesn't treat very well) are very bad people themselves. It's said that Amelie discribes a perfect society that doesn't exist anywhere and which wount be realized ever... I'm not so sure about that. What the film discribes is creativity and actions done by heart. I know this exist. I think the people commenting saying that Amelie is unrealistic, say so 'cause they feel themselves would never be able to live up to the ideals of the movie. But don't blame the audience for that. I know many people as good as Amelie in the movie. Take Gandhi as an example! I would like to recommend to the entire world to go to the nearest cinema and see this beautiful film! This movie is actually said to better than La vita e bella (Life is Beautiful), American Beauty and Psycho, and I can see why! It has become an integrated part of the French president eleccion campaign... It'll paralize me if it turns out that Amelie don't win the Oscar for best foreign movie this year! :-)
5|380|Greatest movie I've seen this year. Top notch acting skills. Great effects and background scenes. Brought tears to my eyes and anger to my blood. A true hero and tragedy.
5|18062|I kept my eyes closed 30% of the time. It was scary and gross at times.
5|2475|I love movies where it is man vs. nature. The images of the tornados in the movie were breathtaking. I find twisters and the movie fascinating.
5|17351|A remarkable film.
5|4004|Fun, exciting and worth while!
5|14880| In The Bedroom is one of the most powerful films of the year! Tom Wilkinson and Sissy Spacek are superb! Merisa Tomei is excellent and the rest of the cast is sublime! The storyline is a bit predictable, yetthat is not the point of the film; this movie shows how one act of violence can tear a family to shreds. This is a very quiet and disturbing, and i litteraly mean QUIET! There are many scenes in the film that show a character doing something with no speech. There is one disturbing scene where Spacek is sitting on the couch smoking a ciggarett and staring at the tv screen with this look of shock. its a disturbing scene! All and all an A+ movie! Note: the film is VERY realistic, making it all that much freaky and sad.
5|15546|Absolutely astounishing movie, great talented actors, meaningful story, very entertaining for all ages.Unsinkable movie.
1|19853|Finally, something worse than Reds .
1|21314|So someone had the bright idea of making a movie out of this landmark 60s album, and they chose Peter Frampton and the Bee Gees to star in it, of all people. No wonder the 70s get a bad rap.
5|13137|This is one of the best movies i have ever seen. It is harrowing and brilliantly directed. I will never forget seeing this film for the first time.
5|6175|One of my very favorite movies of all time!
5|15220|For people that don't know about this amazing story of human survival and willpower, go see this movie. It's the story of Sir Ernest Shackleton and his voyage to cross Antarctica on foot. It is the most incredible story that you have ever heard and shopws the true meaning of courage, willpower, and survival.
5|13889|Great all time classic. Full of action. It is a bit cheesy to think of Rocky making it, but it gives everyone the feeling of hope for doing and becoming their dreams.
5|8158|Jim Carrey is impressive in this hilarious movie. Nice to see Carrey do something more than just physical comedy. It had all the elements of a great movie.
5|4762|I think this is the best movie I have seen this year. It is technically brilliant (using new performance capture techniques) and beautiful visually. It has good action and comedy and provides a message, about courage and belief, that all, not just children can take to heart. Eventually, I think this will be a beloved Christmas movie and regarded as one of the best movies of the decade.
5|2313|It's worth seeing just for that magnificent car-chase, probably the best one ever filmed. There are plenty in other movies that are crazy and violent, but this one is like a REAL chase, as realistic as though you were in it yourself. Also notable about FC is the psychological depth--you really see the investigator coming unglued with his own obsession. Much richer than most Hollywood fare.
5|17437|An outstanding but heartachingly tragic tale of female suffering and jealous intrigue in 1920'S China,from the country's leading director Zhang Yimou,and starring the beautiful,great Gong Li.A 19 year old is forced to become the fourth concubine wife of a wealthy master,who arranges for a red lantern to be placed outside the quarters of the wife he will favour and spend the night with.Refined but gorgeously colourful,with sumptuous decor(in a constrained setting),this is possibly the peak of the formidable Yimou-Gong Li partnership- though of the several fine films made by the couple i would also most strongly recommend the marvellous Red Sorghum.
5|10358|they picked the perfect actor Adam Sandler to be in anger management he looks just like the type to flip out.
5|4789|I saw this movie with my kids and they were very engaged in this movie. It was funny and light-hearted. The graphics were very cool.
5|13862|DeNiro's best. Why is Rocky rated higher than this wonderful movie?
5|22467|A great movie on many levels. First, a wonderful movie. Then, a wonderful Trek movie. The pacing is great. You really undertand WHY Kirk is the captain. His tactics are fantastic. Khan makes a great villain. This is a movie about conflict between the old and the young, fathers and sons, fear of death, growing old, friendship, new beginnings, the blood and guts of war, loss, good vs. evil. The special effects were ahead of their time. There is a distinct Biblical reference, and Milton's Paradise Lost is clearly evident: the Genesis device, Kirk and Carol in the garden of Eden, Kirk eating the apple, and Kirk as Jesus Khan as Satan marshalling their forces and duking it out. When they fight in the nebula, and whn the Enterprise is at red alert, the blood-red backlight is reminiscent of Hell's fire. High adventure, suspense, and an epic sweep. What is stunning is Montalban, Nimoy, and Shatner's skill at taking their acting to the big screen. The TNG cast never could do that well.
5|1829|This movie would have long been forgotten if it wasn't for Bruce Lee. His screen presence, power and stunning physique make this movie worth watching..and Williams massive fro. There is no way Roper could beat Bolo! Things to wtach out for: 1. Hans terribly dubbed voice 2. Williams impressive fro. 3. The "art of fighting without fighting" scene. 4. "Bull*** Mr. Han-Man!" 5. Jackie Chan getting his neck snapped by the master in the underground lair scene. 6. "The battle with the guards was EXTRA-ordinary!" 7. Bruce Lee delivering a massive kick to Han's head. 
5|7280|One of the greatest comedy movies I've seen. Caddyshack was pretty funny, and had an excellent and superb selection of actors. Dangerfield's a classic!
5|1197|the best bond movie ever
1|17895|Mainly stupid
5|22301|A great movie. Almost as good as the book.
5|6820|It is the funniest movie I have ever seen with so many great scenes, and it is highly quote-able. It's just a flesh wound. lol.
5|19397|Walken is super in this made-for-him role. A disturbing picture with the viewer finding themselves hurting for Johnny. The music score is super and this movie is compelling and chilling at times. Great movie.
5|3958|A timeless and classic story for the ages. Interesting characters and it's very well designed. And along with the nice songs it's a classic for all young children and some adults as well.
5|18089|This movie is a classic, at least compared to horror flicks now.
5|19383|John Malkovich is terrific, as is Willem Dafoe. I had to study Nosferatu in a Film Studies class and so it was a lot of fun to see this version of the story. I also liked the honesty about the drug problems that were rampant in that time that seems to be forgotten when it is glorified in other films.
5|20502|It was a good way to see how the greatest basketball player came about. The movie had a good biography and great pictures. I loved it. What a great movie to go along with such a great player.
5|1183|Any film where the makers had the balls to name a villainess "Pussy Galore" deserves 5 stars on principle!
1|16547|Incredibly insulting movie. Yet another film that demonizes businessmen just because they are easy targets. The opening scenes in thie film are wickedly cruel towards businessmen for the crime of doing their job.
5|6834|A timeless classic. This movie is so absurd that it's hilarious. Not very many movies are capable of this type of comedy.
5|22473|One of the best Trek movies, starting a quasi-trilogy in a story that continues into movies 3 and 4 (though # 4 is dominated by another plot). Good action. decent acting, high drama, nice fx, and a great score by James Horner.
5|7294|Gambling is illegal in BushWood and I never slice....
5|4945|This is a great movie, and is very funny. Frankie Muniz and Amanda Bynes are great! The blue dude is cool too.
1|12047|Painful. Couple of funny scenes (that showed up in the trailer), but not worth a minute of your life or a dollar of your money.
5|419|The movie got a little tedious at times, but on the whole it was an exciting movie. I thought it was well acted, and the lines were not too corny. And I liked Russell Crowes character.
1|17117|Nothing that I can say can make this movie seem worst then it already is. One of the stupidest movies I've ever watched.
1|18224|Hated it!
1|16209|Did not care for this movie at all. A total waste of time. Do not recommend it.
5|431|So far the best movie of 2000.
5|21152|One of the funnist, most original cartoons I have ever seen. Then I saw it after imbibing a few six-packs, and it was even better. I am begining to wonder if THE BEATLES weren't on some mind-altering drug when this movie was made. But, of course, they would never do anything like that!!!
5|21634|I didn't think it could be done, but Peter Jackson absolutely nailed it. He captured the spirit of the world of Tolkien in a way that was respectful of the book, but not handcuffed by it. He told the story of the Fellowship of the Ring the way it deserved to be told - with excellent characters / actors, plenty of allusions to the saga's history, and with breathtaking special effects. This movie was EPIC - in its visuals, in its storyline, and in its execution. I would absolutely recommend it to anyone - to fans of Tolkien and first timers alike. Like so many others on this board, I am going to have a hard time waiting a year for the next one!
5|3964|The highlight of Walt's career as a film maker. Brilliantly cast, directed and produced. A fun creative film that leaves you smiling.
1|15066|Oliver Stone needs to read Gerald Posner's book, Case Closed - that is, if Mr. Stone can stand to read the truth. (He also needs to learn, as all film makers need to, that actors who aren't from Texas can't hope to imitate the Texas accent - or any other accent, for that matter).
5|23023|Never having been a big fan of Superhero movies, I was quite impressed with this one. The movie ended with me being satisfied. Toby McGuire was the perfect choice to play the nerdy Peter Parker who is bitten by a spider, transforming him into a super hero. William Defoe was also the perfect choice to play the Green Goblin. I love the movie's comical scenes too, as well as its sad ones and the love story between Peter Parker and MJ (typical superhero movie stuff). A great movie- the best movie ever to be based on comic books!
5|14857|One of my favorite movies this year. Relaxed and witty most of the time. But it turned out to be a real tearjerker. If you like original. Come see this movie
5|8825|This is one that I can watch over and over again. It's cool, hilarious, and excellent. A true kick ass movie!!! Here's to Waynes World: Schwing!
1|18556|I'm sorry, I didn't find this film at all scary. A kid getting sucked into the TV? Oh come on!
1|7739|This is a comedy? I can't believe people rated it this high - not funny to me.
1|22806|Complete and total bull sh*t.
5|21620|iut is great
5|3970|When I first saw Mary Poppins I was four years old and loved the songs and the magic. Julie Andrews is fabulous as the practically perfect eponymous heroine. I am now 21 and still love Mary Poppins, it is still my favourite film, and any film that can captivate different generations after almost half a century has to be something special. As a child you will love the energy and enthusiasm of the film, it's playful creativity and the way that it brings out the child in each character. As an adult you will appreciate a depth to the story that is rare in children's movies, the redemption of the father figure is truly touching and David Tomlinson's performance is incredible.Much of the movie is aimed at pleasing all generations. This is the one movie which can truly be called a family picture. There can be no better advert for Disney and for children's films than Mary Poppins. Splendid, splendid!
1|15072|He sucked as president, so the movie would also naturally suck.
5|343|Just look at the amount of oscars it got. Kiss my @$$ Traffic!
5|17392|A fast paced movie. It reminds me of Groundhog Day with Bill Murray, always repeating itself until things are done right. The only drawback is the movie is in German with English subtitles.
5|9285|It's a dark comedy but I loved it and thought it was very funny. The acting was exceptional.
5|17393|A style of movie you've never seen before. Run Lola Run is a German movie as twisted and crazy as it can be. The story of Lola and one dude, dying and retrying, defying the laws of nature and reacting similar situations keep you glued to the screen. Not to be missed!
1|9715|The movie is rather bland, with sparse moments of weak laughter to break the drawn out moments of predictable and dull events. I was all hyped up by the commercials that looked so promising, and then utterly disappointed when I left the theater (which I shouldnt have even entered) after 115 minutes of infantilizing (and somewhat sleazy) humor and awkward, repetitious dialogue (ok, I get it 8 out of 10 women think that the first kiss is important. Let it go already). Youd think a movie with Will Smith and Kevin James would be hilarious, but not even the best of actors can make this clich laden script work on the screen. Best see another movie instead.
5|3971|loved it then , love it now--measures up practically perfect in every way!
1|766|Like most of M. Night Shalyman's films, boring, predictable, and unscary. It had me wondering how anyone would waste their hard earned cash on dreck like this. Bruce Willis gives his usuall less than steller preformance. How he is considered by some to be a great actor is beyond me. The one bright spot was the acting of Hayley Joel Osmet, who has a great future in pictures if he can avoid clunkers like this one.
5|21621|I love the book, I love the story, and finally, I love the movie (TFOTR). My father was an exellent storyteller, and this was the first and only story he told to us (three of us), and it was a christmas gift, and what a gift it was! The movie has now completed my dreams and imaginations of what I would have loved to have share with my visual senses then, as a child, and now. This movie was not ment to replace your own imagination, nor will it, if you're a true fan of the book. But it should fill the gap for most of your senses. I hope everyone learns something from the book, and then go out and enjoy the movie(s) with friends and family...peace out.
1|22807|The problem with humanity!
5|15584|The movie was very dramatic. I like how James Cameron used computer graphics to make the setting (ship, furniture, art, ocean) seem real. The best part is the way he used the storyline to fit in the actual shipwreck.
5|6809|Never seen anything like it! Sir Robin ran away away! DID NOT! 
5|22328|Great special effects, good sense of magic and wonder.
5|14842|I'm much more of a baseball guy myself, and never thought that I would enjoy a movie about football. But boy was I wrong! This movie had it all: action, drama, comedy, and great acting. I thought that it did a great job of balancing out the typical Disney atmosphere ( feel good type movies) with the true hardships that both races had to face when integration was implemented in the 50s, 60s and 70s. I thought that this was a very touching film about acceptance, understanding and tolerance, topped off with some great music and one hell of a great cast.
5|8824|Definetly a classic.
1|2126|Way too dark to be enjoyable.
5|9284|A very dark comedy, one of the best. Bud Cort and Ruth Gordon are excellent in their roles. Harold's suicide attempts are actually funny. Harold and Maude's relationship is poignant, believable and funny. As Molfan pointed out this movie is not for everyone. I laugh everytime I watch this movie.
1|3238|Go away Pierce Brosnan/
5|424|Amazing. On the edge of your seat. Great acting, great romance. A movie for everyone.
5|16927|Maybe it's just me, but I found this film, all in all, to be pretty much flawless. I thought that Josh Hartnett was completely convincing in his role as the insecure Hugo, who is jealous of the star of the school's basketball team, so he unleashes a flawless plan to ruin his life. From the beginning, a wonderful plot unfolds and what follows is an amazing story of jealousy, insecurity and mind manipulation. I really can't say much about Julia Stiles and Mekhi Pfeiffer except that they were OK in this film, but Josh Hartnett as Hugo definately stole the show. His eyes were darkened, and as the audience, I was able to sense that he wasn't all there after listening him talk for a few minutes. The ending will disappoint most who watch this film, not because it isn't well done, but its just not what you would want an ending to be, espescially when all of it was caused by one sick teenager's insecurities. Truly, it all could have been prevented, but Hugo (Hartnett) is the master manipulater, and he is able to find several accomplices throughout the film, including the very person whose life he is planning on ruining. It's a true tragedy, and rarely have I seen a movie consisting of what I call teen actors which was as compelling as O . Highly reccomended!
1|4225|This is the worst movie EVER the stroy is DULL AND BORING summing it up this stroy was stupid!
5|14856|A great movie,one of the best I've seen this year
5|8830|AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!! I watch it every weekend. It never gets old. The cars are awesome, the music is awesome, and one more thing you cool man(like how) OK
5|17387|This was one of the most imagineative movies I have ever seen. The storyline and plot were very exciting and kept me interested for the whole movie.I liked the fact that you could see how life could be affected so much just by making a decision one way or the other no matter how small that decision may seem. The acting and cast was one of the best i have ever seen. If you haven't seen Run Lola Run, rent it buy it, steal it. Just see it and you wont be dissapointed.
1|15067|Any one who believes there was a conspiracy should read Posner's Cose Closed. Anyone with a modicum of critical thinking and common sense who looks at the raw data of the assassination would come to the logical conclusion that Oswald was the line gunman. Anti-Castro Cubans, Pro-Castro Cubans, the Military, the CIA, FBI, Dallas Police, the mob, LBJ, Secret Service ..... yeh they were all involved. Oh what about aliens, I guess Oliver Stone did not have enough time to include them. Remember Occumm's Razor - all things considered equal, the simplist explanation is usually correct. Oswald did it - get over it!!
5|3965|Great cast and great music. I still love those adorable little penguins in the animated sequence. Order what you will, there'll be no bill, it's complimentary...
1|772|Predictable!
5|21635|a good film needs good actors and a great story. Just like this one :) It took them 5 years to finish this film, and Peter Jackson is brilliant! I read the film guide book and it says he has filmed every single detail from the film (almost, remember its a huge book). Great atmosphere and ... and so forth.
1|17880|not scary
5|1182|Do remember that when the film was originally made, most people would have missed the innuendo, unlike todays generation. Still took some guts to get that past the MPAA censors. A wonderful film for the Bond fanatic to enjoy. Probably Connery's finest film as 007.
1|7704|I couldn't sit through more than 5 minutes of this.
5|18922|This was a very, very good movie because it was informative. The sparks between the priest and the Stigmata girl were gross, what was he thinking? I felt bad for the girl because she started to flip out in public and people thought she wanted to kill herself! The ending was good too, but I didn't understand what happened to her until I watched it a second time!
5|5482|Without a doubt, John Steinbeck's 'The Grapes of Wrath' belongs in the national registry of culturally significant motion pictures. This movie, along with the great acting by Henry Fonda, Jane Darwell and John Carradine pulls no punches in showing its audience the deplorable, shattered lives of California-bound Okies during the Great Depression. The tragic quality of the movie is magnified by the individual characters who are engulfed in an ongoing misery. Yet, the movie inspires hope as Darwell's Ma Joad poignantly expresses a positive message at the conclusion. We're the people, Darwell concludes. And they were.
5|418|The movie begins in a gruesome way, but ends up a quality movie. Russell Crowe's performance was amazing. The plot is well written and moves quickly.
1|5675|I tried, I really tried. . .it's too dated. Unwatchable. I'LL NEVER GO HUNGRY AGAIN! Yikes.
5|7295|It's got to be the lamest storyline around, but it is so hilarious that you can't stop laughing long enough to consider that. Rodney is his usual self, ans he leads this excellently cast movie. Bill Murray is the pits (literally).
5|22472|This review is for the DVD directors cut edition. Yes, it's a good movie. Nicholas Meyer who directed this sequel wanted to give the movie a naval feel and it works well. James Horner's score reinforces that nautical feel, notably when the Enterprise is clearing the moorings. The movie flows well, and with the possible exception of the Genesis Cave the effects are great. This director cuts adds some scenes and dialog, notably we discover Scotty's nephew is a crew member aboard the ship. William Shatner's portrayal of Kirk is probably one his best performances (if you listen to the DVD commentary, director Meyer discusses he would make Shatner do each take about 10 times so he'd lose the Hollywood swagger). With the loss of Spock however the movie does end on a somber note. But this is still one of the best Trek movies to grace the screen.
5|7281|Castlebee, you must be lacking a sense of humor. look where this movie ranks. It is a classic.
5|22466|The best Star Trek movie ever made. This film re-introduces Kirk to an enemy from his past (and the original series as well). Ricardo Montalban plays his role as the insane Khan excellently. William Shatner and Leonard Nimoy are in surprisingly good form, and supported by the usual cast. If you are not a trekie, this is the movie you want to see. If you are a trekie, this should be your favorite. Unlike most Star Trek films, and episodes, this film actually has battle scenes, and is rather entertaining.
5|13863|This movie is by far the greatest movie of the 1980s if not all times. It's so realistic, you feel as though you are a fly on the wall experiencing everything as Jake does. Robert De Niro gives his very best performance of his career! It documents the rise to glory and the violent cascade down.
5|18936|Patricia Arquette's presence helped me to overlook the occasional hole in the story. Great commentary on/against organized religion.
5|4788|Nice movie. Parents if you took your kids to see this movie in the theaters and they like it Chirstmas is coming. Or if they haven't seen it, this makes a perfect movie.
5|5496|the most realistic of the classics.
5|20517|Mission to Mir was another good IMAX movie. They showed the things you don't really get to see from NASA on the news. The stunning space stars were great.
5|3959|I love them all, but I must say this is my favorite of Disney's animated features. It gives little girls an intelligent role model and the moral of the story(it's what's inside that counts) never gets old. Of course, the animation and music are wonderful.
1|24286|Fell asleep. It was like watching someone else play a video game
5|19396|An excellent, moody King adaptation, brilliantly directed (by David Cronnenberg, whose films I usually do not enjoy), and acted by all. Chris Walken, Martin Sheen, Herbert Lom, Anthony Zerbe, Brooke Adams, Tom Skerritt--all excellent. A little episodic but chilling (Martin Sheen as a psychopathic President; not quite West Wing material). One of the best King films.
5|22300|Best movie ever made.
5|6821|One of the funniest movies ever made. It has that marvelous quality of having jokes and gags that by all rights shouldn't be funny, but for some reason make you laugh so hard you fear to foul your pants. Not many people realize that a lot of the film is a parody of Ingmar Bergman's _The Seventh Seal_. For some extra laughs, watch the Bergman first: then when you watch the Grail, pay special attention to bring out your dead, the flagellants, and the witch scene. Absolute masterpiece.
1|10123|Why is it that movies set at high school nowadays have to be sick. Besides the attractive female cheerleaders and a few eccentric cameos, the movie stinks. They combine very sick gags, profanity, disrespectful attitudes, fights and obscene gestures. Easily one of the worst movies I've ever seen.
1|19661|Other than the original, none of the others justify more than a 1.
1|17894|I never watched this and I don't think I missed a thing.
5|9521|Chris Tucker is an awesome actor he is so funny. Jackie Chan is cool. He is an awesome stuntman. The first movie was good this one is great.
5|13136|Such an intense movie. It's one of those films that is so vivid and moving that it's hard to believe it could happen. Everytime you see it you notice something new, I found myself looking at the expressions on people faces, people not directly focused on but people in the background to see the whole picture. I'm not explaining this very well but what I'm trying to say is that so many of the camp scenes felt so real that I felt like I was looking at a piece of history in the way you look at old photographs and stare at the details of faces and places that no longer exist. The way the clothes hung on peoples bodies the looks on their faces, their shoes, it was like the pictures jumped to life and you were able to see the events before and after the shutter closed.
1|21315|Everyone connected with the making of this thing should be flogged.
5|15547|I saw this film 6 times in the theatres and 65 times total. I'm an avid historian of the Titanic disaster and this fabulous 1997 movie. It was great -- my favorite movie ever.
5|18063|Very good and creepy movie. This is one of those things that could definately happen in real life. Bates does a great job playing a crazy woman and Caan does well at looking truely scared.
5|381|An absolute MUST SEE movie! The glory of cinema!
5|17436|Excellent film about a chinese woman's marriage many years ago. This one will keep you so interested, you won't mind reading the subtitles.
5|21184|Truly a jewel in the crown of the king. A black and white musical extravaganza, be sure not to miss this dancing and singing classic. Though the acting and script may not be tops, you know you're really just watching to see those hips swivel one more time.
5|4763|This was the best movie I've seen in a long time. Should definitely be a classic. My 5 yr. old didn't move through the entire movie. He was completely enthralled. Everyone should see this one. The animation is out of this world! Saw Incredibles & Shark Tale. This one blew them out of the water! It's a must see!
5|13888|Gotta see it. It is old but very cool.
5|15221|It is probably my favorite Drew Barrymore film. It combines both drama and comedy and the result is amazing. I enjoy watching renaissance films because the costumes are absolutely gorgeous.
5|13650|Features Edward Norton's best performance to date. Incredible movie with mucho importance. One of the fifty best movies I've ever seen.
1|10876|I get to watch movies for free, and apparently you get what you pay for with this one. Along with Around the World in 80 Days and Gods and Generals, this is one of the worst movies I've seen in the last several years. It's just further proof that SNL alumni are almost incapable of making good movies anymore.
5|23787|While this movie falls into the category of scifi, it uses other elements to tell it's story. Each character is developed through dialogue and action. There is not a feeling of anything unnecessary occuring, everything has a place and a reason.
5|13644|may offend people. does not gloss over racism which is what makes it such an EXCELLENT movie, but also quite disturbing. Edward Norton gives an amazing performance.
5|9253|*DINK* *DINK*
5|17422|I love this movie it's an awesome movie.
5|3018|This was an awesome thriller. Was captivating all the way to the end. Good job on this film.
5|4011|The first time I watched this movie, I really didn't care much for it. But I have seen it several times since then, and I really love it. The message of the movie is great, too. I love almost all of the characters, except that whiny Marlin, but even then his annoying character doesn't ruin the movie for me. Ellen DeGeneres did an astounding job as Dory...I highly recommend it for families everywhere, and even single people ! This is not just a children's movie...
5|395|This movie had plenty of action. There were some occasional slow moments in the film, but it was all made up for with all the action that took place. Russel Crowe was a near perfect fit for Maximus (good acting).
5|13122|Schindler's List is one of the best movies ever made. It shows the horrors of the Holocaust and the struggle one man goes through physically and mentally to help the Jews during WWII, saving as many as he could and wishing he could save more. Beautiful imagery, it's an emotional ride for all to see.
5|6606|Great! But only if seen in a theatre, on a large screen. It reaches the heights in humor, tragedy, and fun, at various times.
5|1169|I remember when this first came out and there was nothing but rave reviews. I still think it was a great movie. The best the Stallone has ever done.
5|15553|A great movie. Good stories for everyone. Good music and very good direction. An artistic movie, integrated with romance.
5|14895|Terrific movie. Plot and action were powerful.
5|7518|Classic in every way. Sir? Sir? SIR?! SIR!!!
5|3756|GENE LE BELL SUCKS. THIS MOVIE IS COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLLLLL.
5|16072|OH MY GOSH!!!! John Q is by far the best movie ever!! If I could I would give this movie like a gazillion stars .. if I could... My friends and I cried throughout the whole thing.. It showed real love, courage, bravery, and if you can believe it humor.. Mostly humor from Eddie Griffith.. eheh I luv that lil guy.. Nehoo, Denzel Washington is tha best actor.. This movie showed his real skills.. not like his others didn't because.. believe me I'm a huge fan of them!! John Q is about a man who's son has an oversized heart and the son won't live unless the hospital gets him on a list for a new heart.. John, his wife, and his son have two options.. They can either take him home... give him the love he needs until one morning he won't wake up :(.. or the other choice is that they can do the surgery.. w/ a chance that the boy may not live.. They decide to do the surgery, but the family does not have enough money to cover it.. The hospital will not put the boy's name on the list until the family come up with the money.. John and his wife struggle to get some money.. They get a lot of what they need so far.. but the hospital decides that the kid is going to go home... John Q doesn't stand for this and takes over the emergency room... I will not bury my son.. My son will bury me! That is a quote from the movie.. From then on this movie has twists, turns, and one hell of an ending!! John Q will keep you on the edge of your seat the whole time... It is such a beautiful movie.. Every actor in this movie is perfect.. They show real emotion and feeling.. It's just great.. I am in love with this movie!! Denzel better win like every award or this! It is soo great!!! Go see it everyone!!! (I swear girls.. don't wear mascara to this movie!!) Luvs!
5|21806|An action-packed, special effects-packed sword and sorcery epic! even better then the first movie!
5|14665|I believe it was a great movie, that Matthew guy is a real babe.
5|7530|In my opinion, this is the funniest film I have ever seen, it is intelligent humour with some unexpected twists to keep you laughing the whole way through. I would definitely recommend this film to all.
5|8603|Awesome! Sandra Bullock and Benjamin Bratt also did a very good job. I really god the feeling of thier relationship as others didn't. Well, I highly recomment this movie to comedy lovers!
5|8165|This movie made Jim Carrey my favorite actor. His hijinx are fantastically funny and amazing. This is a must own for your video collection as it will always be one of mine!!
5|1627|I actually prefer this in Chinese, with the subtitles. Fight scenes are incredible. This is a movie that simultaneously manages to be a chick-flick and a kick-ass action movie all at once.
5|6148|Love this movie!!! While it definitely takes a serious slant on history, it is fun to watch.
5|5441|One of my 3 favorite films. Not so much a war story as a character study surrounded by a war. In the end, you really forget about WWII because you are so interested in what will happen between the characters. Beautifully written, shot, and directed. And the acting, oh, the acting. Alec Guinness gives one of the great performances in cinema. Everyone else is pitch perfect. Underlying symbolism and commentary on war are what makes this film stand out from the rest. Also, one of the best written and exciting last scenes in the movies.
5|4987|They should have more than 5 Stars, It is a hundred. I love the Animals, they take the Humdrum out of the Hollywood Smut Films. 
5|19427|I wish this movie was seen by more people but it never really got a market. This is one of my alltime favorites! Creepy, suspenseful, and the music is perfect! Nothing like an undertaker with seemingly super power strength and an evil purpose! Another one in the lines of Rosemary's Baby (not in storyline, but type) in that they don't get you with special effects so much as they do it with just plain creepy suspense........
5|5455|The movie that invented rock climbing.Mount Rushmore(Eve Marie Saint and Cary Grant) outclimb great bad guys-James Mason and Martin Landau.
5|3024|The film is so great !
5|16700|Before I begin, if you don't like Brad Pitt and you are going to mark this as Not Helpful . Then what the hell are you doing searching for material related to him? This movie was great! Simply the best, it is long but when it is Brad Pitt who cares. This is another good movie, I love the soundtrack as well! Brad if your reading this...(yeah right...), but really he is a great actor. Hollywood needs his kind....
5|7242|funny movie
1|10686|The only funny scenes were in the trailer.
5|13678|It was a really good movie. Whoopi Goldberg, Oprah Winfrey and Danny Glover acted excellent in this movie. Danny Glover abused Whoopi and treated her badly, took her sister away- but at the end reunited them back together.
5|1155|Finally, a movie with thought. It's use of suspense and intrigue made this film one of my all time favorites. There is also the fact that I didn't have to sit through 2 hours of blood, sex and bad language.
5|7524|I think this movie was great! I absolutely loved it and thought it was hilarious. Good music too!
5|8617|I think this is one of Adam Sandlers best movies! It's much more funny than other movies rated higher than it on this list...
5|11709|My favourite film of 2001. I know this is a very personal rating...but I loved it: the plot, the script, the characters, the acting. Fell in love instantly.
1|24245|I give this movie one fantastic star. it sucked.
5|19355|Beter than the last one!!!
5|5333|This will always be a favorite of mine. Gregory Peck did an outstanding job in the lead role.
5|626|That guy from free-thinking should be from not-thinking. Usual Suspects is a great movie with an incredible ending.
5|10198|John Waters is truly one of the best out there in the entertainment industry. This musical of a movie was so cute, I truly enjoyed it. Ricki Lake also did a great job in this movie. I highly recommend it to John Waters fans and musical fans alike.
5|19802|its only a movie its only a movie and a damn good one too
1|15517|A terrible film that deserves to be sunk (cool pun fully intended!) Entirely predictable, the film, instead of focusing on the plot of the ship or the fascinating technical blunders that occured, focus on a yawn-inducing romance. Of course, the ending is obvious to anyone who knows history...but...I wrote a short story (used as a prologue in a story of my own) where the crew of the Enterprise (along with such allies as Mario, Sonic, some Power Rangers, etc.) save the Titanic and introduce the lead male character to video games and fast food, therby preventing the nude paintings from occuring. :) I also snuck in a cameo of Mr. Limpet and a reference to Ariel, Starfleet's first mermaid. :)
5|11286|I ENJOYED IT , IT WAS VERY FUNNY KEPT YOU GOING ALL DOING THE SHOW AND HAD VERY GOOD ACTORS MS. D.
5|8398|the best comedy series of movies ever.
5|13491|It's the most classic movie. I love that it made me cry when most movies are so fake these days. It gave me and understanding of young boys.
5|12957|This is odd. Shawshank Redemption is actually better than than story that inspired it(Stephen King's Rita Hayworth The Shawshank Redemption, from Different Seasons). Basically flawless in all areas.
1|11771|I must give this movie the 1 star because it commits the greatest sin a movie can. It's boring. Apart from an occasional South Park style laugh, this film has no point except to make fun of something without telling you why. Once you get over the novelty of puppets trying to walk you may find yourself staring at the wall beside you wondering how much better your life could have been had you not gone to this film.
5|9938|This is a raunchy movie. There are enough penis jokes for three movies. This is the funniest movie of the year with its blockbuster sales.
1|13600|This was a movie that tried too hard at depth. It was about some guy going through a mid-life crisis, and it's effects on others. whooptie do.
5|21423|The best in the series and the best movie ever! When you see the words STAR WARS at the beginning and you hear that music than you know your watching a classic. This movie is my favorite movie of all time because it had loads of wonderful special effects, excellent humor, colorful characters and an intriging story that always will be rewatchable. If you don't like this movie then I have pity on you!
1|15271|This movie was stupid in that it wasn't filmed very well. You fall asleep in the first half hour because there is more talking than action. The film often changes to black and white which makes the whole picture suck.
5|21437|This is simply the best film ever made. No other movie has made such an impact on me. When I was little I just sat in front of an old black and white tv with a cheap old VCR and watched Star Wars twenty times a day. I still love to watch it. I must've seen it a thousand times, literally.
5|2879|I liked this movie! john travolta's a god! I don't exactly know what it was, maybe it was hally barry's tits, cool cars, or the good action but I really liked it.
1|570|i hate these kind of movies
5|20729|Just to start this comment off, I'd like to say that I absolutely LOVE Audrey Hepburn. Once again she had an amazing performance. My Fair Lady is an older film that is a blend of romance, comedy and a little bit of drama. It is a very long movie, 2 movies, in fact, but it goes really quick because it's such an enjoyable movie. To really give you an understanding of how much I liked it. I saw this movie in the 6th grade even and I felt this way aobut it then also.
1|5339|I thought the book was great because of all of the adventures scout and her friends had. Another reason why it was good is because it was deep into details
5|7901|My husband and I watch this parody of a touring heavy metal rock band at least twice a year, and we think it gets better every time we see it. With Rob Reiner narrating, the movie seems legitimate at the start. It quickly unfolds into absurdity, though, with several hilarious scenes that play off the best heavy metal stereotypes- amplifiers that go to 11, drummers that die of mysterious causes, and the soaring signature guitar solos of Nigel Tufnel. So many scenes have us rolling on the floor, like the one at the airport security checkpoint (you have to see this one yourself) and the one where the band is on stage with dancers dancing around a miniature Stonehenge (a result of a measurement misunderstanding). Believe it or not, this movie also features an all-star cast, including Billy Crystal, Dana Carvey, Fran Drescher, Bruno Kirby, and Anjelica Huston, among others. So if you haven't seen this movie, go straight to your video store and TAP INTO AMERICA! You won't be disappointed.
1|18741|CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP. Can i stress that enough??? God, the only money they spent making these friday the 13th stuff was on a hockey mask and an old jumpsuit. Truly dissapointing. There are some good moments though.
5|22658|Great special effects. The movie was missing some characters but the action and effects made up for it.
5|22880|It was better than the first!
5|13485|Wonderful! I thought that this was just one of those depressing 80's movies (and in a way it was; I wish that I had friends like that), but I watched the whole thing on AMC and loved it. Great performance by River Phoenix.
5|9092|I would'nt call this movie a comedy, but a great drama movie. Julia Roberts was just amazing.
5|23546|With that ending you're pretty much promised a sequel. I mean with Harry's current situation and the introduction of Dr.Conners (The Lizard) you can almost see the next villian terrorizing the town.
5|12943|My all time favorite movie. Highly entertaining, active and sad. Full of surprises. It leaves the viewer absolutely smiling inside and out. I love this movie so much.
5|632|R. Lee makes this a 5.
5|11292|This movie is very funny, from the beginning to the end. I saw the movie twice and it still was funny the second time. The humor is mostly bathroom humor and basically stuff that grosses you out. All the actors/actresses were very funny, especially Deuce's 'customers'.
1|216|Braveheart is one movie you don't want to see unless you are interested in seeing how Mel Gibson takes a can of paint and dumps it over his head so he can disguise himself from the men training horses. The love scenes are so corny and the movie is just too long.
5|7097|With apologies to Blazing Saddles, this is the very best of the Mel Brooks movies. Madeline Kahn Marty Feldman are triumphant.
5|5680|I think the reason I love the movie so much is because of the characters in the movie. They are all so beautifully written, and you really feel like you get to know each of the principal characters in the movie. Scarlett in my opinion is one the most complex characters ever written. She starts out as a silly teenager who only cares about herself, boys and parties, (like most teenage girls). Then because of the tragedies and hardships she has to grow up and become this very mature woman capable of taking care of not only herself, but her entire family. The acting in this movie is perfect, each actor/actress really embrasses their character. Vivian Leigh especially. In my own opinion this is by far the best ensemble cast of any movie.
5|17813|I would love to be able to see it again.
5|5858|Great movie! One of the all time classics.
5|21379|This is my favorite film fron the Star Wars trilogy! A sequel that is equally genius to the first one-amazing!
5|3597|A wonderful story of faith and perserverance. Great action and romance. A family movie with a good role model.
5|19180|What a trend setter
5|9904|This is a great movie for anyone with a slightly rough sense of humor. It takes the recent glut of teen horror movies and spoofs them all...successfully. This movie gets rough on occasion with its stereotypes and slurs, but those with an easy going nature will enjoy it a lot.
5|1394|True Lies was a good action movie and Arnold Schwarzenneger is a good character who plays an undercover agent that is a good guy. That's why I like this movie because it has comedy and a good plot.
5|15976|This is one movie that Tom Cruise shows his talent. He is empowing and unique. He really did an excellent job in this. I loved all aspects of this movie.
5|19194|i like all of the hellraisers except the last one.
5|3583|This probably one of those movies that people either love or completely hate. If you don't get it, you'll hate it, and if you get it, you'll love it. And if you say that you get it and still hate it, then you don't get it. You may understand intellectually everything about the film, but true understanding of this kind of thing is visceral. But don't feel bad, I'm not criticizing anyone who doesn't understand, I totally admit that this film is not for everyone. Terence Malick (Badlands) has got one of the best eyes for nature that I've ever encountered, and the setting for the movie (Guadalcanal I believe) is like heaven on earth, into which descends one of the very worst thing that humanity has invented (war). The scenery is the most beautiful I've ever seen in a movie that wasn't CGI'd, so it retains a realism and a soul, and so serves as yet another character in this ridiculously impressive cast. I was glad I wasn't expecting another typical war movie, because I can see how one would be disappointed. This movie is not about war; WWII is just the setting. You can find beauty, even in the ugliness that is war, if you are able to look with the right kind of eyes. Beautiful movie.
1|23933|One of the worst Hollywood propaganda movies about global warming. You don't like global warming? Fine, make a movie better than this! They run from the cold in this awful excuse of a movie. The cold actually stay out. Randy Quaid actuallly sacrifices a useful man to save a son that may, or may not, be alive. He actually finds him, and when he knocks on the door, they get looks on their faces as if the cold decided to try to get them again. Sela Ward stays with a child when no one in their right mind would. People actually freeze instantly. People try to get to safety after they discover the flood waters have frozen. It's odd that Sela, Jake, and Randy all survive in this awful movie. The main family always survives in a disaster movie of this magnitude. I will say this: The scenes involving the three guys monitoring buoys of the coast were great. I wish they were in this movie more.
5|20715|This was my mom's favorite-she likes Yule Brenher and it was about Siam. I like the costumes, setting and era. The music is great. Being Asian, I was immediately captured by the culture, and don't recall any other Asian muscials so it is even more special.
5|20073| There isn't much I can say that hasn't already been said about this film. I wasn't very scared by it but it did creep me out. It was such a great change to see a movie that didn't follow the same old formula. A movie that didn't have Brandy or Neve in it. Something new that brought about a cultural shock wave. I myself am an actor and found that this film was a great improve exorcise. I really liked and respect this movie.Highly recommend for those into original odd films. 
1|1605|I agree with Irishgit: junk!
5|17807|Fantastic movie. Brilliant interplay of tension and scenery. So many memorable scenes, some that are harder to verbalize. Sure, everybody has heard of Here's Johnny! But what about the chase through the topiary?
1|10447|this movie was not funny it actually sucked .
5|7083|This is one very funny movie and the cast is truly inspired. They really seem to be having as much fun as the audience and they really make it a memorable movie. The characters like Frankenstein, Igor, Frau Bleucher and the monster are a riot. Madeline Khan and Terri Garr are wonderful as well.
1|11759|Yes, let us not have another, please!
5|6376|My all-time favourite. I've seen it many times and it still makes me laugh and cry.
5|13452|This movie is magical for many of us who like it . Robert Zemickis unintentionally creates a movie that is so poignant and thought provoking that it changes the life of those who love it , not to mention giving foreigners like me a different perspective of recent American history . Personally , I always feel positive and serene when I listen or recall the beautiful score , lines and scenes of Forrest Gump . An American classic !
5|1419|I was a little cynical about seeing this because of the mixed reviews I'd received of it. Now I only wonder who could dislike it. One critic described it as one of the two most powerful films of all time, right up there with The Godfather. Well, this guy pretty much hit the nail on the head. By the end of this movie, I was unable to get up from my seat, and I still had the word horror playing in my head for about three more hours. Colenol Kurtz is an outstanding representation of every single aspect of the hell of the Vietnam War. The scenes of walking through the island near Cambodia with bodies everywhere and heads scattered all over the ground were to say the least, shocking. What's worse is that things like this probably happened. Take care, everyone!
5|12994|Shawshank Redemption is one of the best movies I've ever seen. It is an awesome portrayal of life in jail.
1|4796|3 words: Read the book! Come on, it's only 70 pages or so. Charlotte's Web or Watership Down this movie is not! Will be quickly forgotten.
5|7068|Amongst comedy movies, this is the equivalent of The Godfather. Mel Brooks' greatest movie, by far. I must have seen it at least a dozen times, and I still convulse when I hear the horse neigh and winny whenever the name Blucher is said. It's in my Top-5, with Animal House, Caddyshack, Airplane, and Holy Grail (Amazing that all of my Top-5 are all 25 years or older).
1|23066|What the hell happened? George takes 15 years off from the saga and loses all touch with the original concept. Where is this going? Even after seeing Clones, I still don't know why he's taking this route. I think *I* could write it better.
1|24709|Hollow Man bombed. The movie had great effects but the story turned out to be very bad. The chick in the movie was hot.
5|18507|The best horror movie I've ever seen. It mixed wit and horror with an interesting plot. Neve Campbell is too hot!
5|17634|Probably one of the worst movies ever made but I still like to watch it cos its so stupid, oh Godzilla, ......
1|6181|I hated this movie because of Mickey Rooney's performance. He was terrible, honestly. He donned coke-bottle glasses and buck teeth to play a Japanese guy. How mean can Rooney be? Seriously, Being asian is not a crime. And Audrey Hepburn, She didn't seem to pack much talent. She was more of the looks type. She was famous because she packed visually, not talent. 
5|183|this was an excellent movie. a movie you can watch more then once.
5|4207|This is a movie we really enjoyed! After several duds released from Disney,this was a great trest!We can't wait until it is released on dvd so we can watch it over and over!!!
1|20209|WELCOME! To horror movie hell. Hehe. I don't have three days to spend listing the flaws of this movie so I will just brush over the top. First it is by the guy who did the equally terrible Urban Legend. His visual styling is cute and all but it can't save these poo poo scripts. The characters are all inept and unlikeable. You honestly want them all to die horrible deaths. The deaths start out good but then as if it were a kiddie film just turn into sell out deaths and leave you with dull boring and unimaginitive deaths. Like when a certain big breasted bimbo gets trepped in the hot tub by a sheet ao hard reenfirced plastic and the killer is drilling down at her the killer gives up after 15 seconds and tosses the drill into the tub, electocuting her. Whoopdy doo! Haven't seen that before. Not even haveing the beautiful work of the Deftones on the soundtrack can help this peice o trash flick out. The ending and last death is really quit funny. Go see it if you are really bored and like disapointment. Would you hide in a body bag? And if the killer began stabbing the contense of every bag in that room would you stay perfectly still or run for it? Like I said, these are some stoopid ass kids.
5|15745|One of Penny Marshalls best. A simple poignant drama about the friendship between two men under sad circumstances. Deniro was great as usual and Robin Williams gave an awesome performance as the shy doctor. This movie should be on everyones must see list
5|6410|GREAT MOVIE I LOVED IT
5|13334|Saving Private Ryan was a great movie. The effects and realism were wonderful. I recommend everyone buy the movie and watch it in surround sound.
5|15751|I was so pleased to find a movie that the entire family can watch. It had a good slow pace. Something that is not common today.
5|6404|Could be the best of the traditional westerns. Wayne was in one of his best, perhaps only outdone by his work in Fort Apache . As with all westerns of its era it is not politically correct in its treatment of Indians, however, it does convey a sense of the harshness for all involved in the confrontation between settler and Indian in the south-west. A good flick. 
5|13320|Perhaps the greatest and most realistic war movie ever filmed. The opening scene portraying the D-Day invasion was so real and so overwhelming that many WWII veterans had to leave the theater. It concerned the political as well as the social parts of war. Very historical and amazing. Despite showing intense violence, it was still a stern drama.
5|197|It may not be entirely accurate but it is still one of the best movies out there. An epic about a man from the lowlands of Scotland who challenges the king of England for the love of his deceased wife. A dramatic movie for those that are intelligent enough to see the drama.
5|16258|Yes, it was a cheesy 80's movie, but it was definitely a classic and one of those movies you saw for the first time in your pre-adolescent years. Every girl had a crush on Ralph Macchio after that movie. What a fantastic competition scene.
5|4213|I loved Monsters Inc. I laughed, I cried, I want to have a monster in my closet. These are some of the coolest and most entertaining animated characters i have ever watched. Pixar knows how to build the type of movies that pull all the right heart strings. They know how to fill a film with good hearted humor and a warm and loving heart. I left the theater with my eyes brimming with tears of happiness and sentimental joy. I absolutly loved Monster Inc and found it to be yet another comendable film in the tradition of Toy Story 1 and 2. HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!! Steve Buscimi is great as the bad guy monster Randal. Boo is too friggin cute.
5|829|This movie freaked me out big time. I saw it last night for the second time and it still spooked me. I may not be as observant as other people (I was completely shocked by the ending) therefore, ignorance is bliss because it made it much more thrilling. I agree that it is a drama slash horror with the emotional problems of both Cole and Dr. Crowe but I really thought it was a great psychological thriller as well. The premise and plot were well developed and I did jump a few times (even the second time). You also can't deny that Hayley Joel Osmet gave an excellent performance.
5|21392|Hey! This isn't at the top of the SW list?! I'll fix that! All the other five-star reviews pretty much sum up what I have to say; definitely still the very best entry in the saga, kicking the drama and action up a big notch or two. Only the yet-to-be-produced Episode 3 has the potential to surpass this one, and a slim chance at that. The 1980 FX still stand up well. One of the greatest scores of all time, along with the other two trilogy entries. Oh, and btw, I still strongly recommend that the best way to see this movie is a widescreen copy of the original version of ESB. The 1997 SpEd rather irritatingly screwed up a few sequences. Whenever Lucas gets around to putting the classic trilogy on DVD, I hope he sticks in an edit-your-own-edition feature...I can dream, can't I? :)
5|2104|Saw it 400 plus times, have all the best lines memorized, and still continue to watch it from time to time. Isn't that enough for a five rating?
5|6362|This is the BEST movie I have ever seen. The film was perfect. I am schocked that the film isnt ranked at least 10. The film had a fantastic ending and end. I can't think of one reason why someone would not like this movie.
5|9051|this movie is a classic. it's ashamed that chris farley died though
5|13446|I think this is one of the best movies I've seen in a while. There were no real special effects or anything of that nature, but the acting and the story were good enough to keep all viewers interested. A great movie that I would recommend to anyone.
5|23585|a universal myth told with breathtakingly great direction. some of the finest lines in any modern script. superb acting. powerful emotions. between this and 'zardoz', john boorman has earned his place among my favorite directors.
5|15037|I love Winona Ryder and she did a fantastic job in this movie. Angelina Jolie was also incredible. The movie had a good storyline too. The actors all did a good job on showing what it was like to be in a mental institution.
5|801|An absolutely wonderful film. Considering it's tight of budget, it's pretty much fantastic. I applaud it. Most especially Haley Joel Osment's acting. Thou' there are certain inconcsistensies, they try to maintain the reality they're trying to present. Good... good...
1|24735|ugh.
5|17608|Left behind was the best movie I have ever seen.It tells exactly what the bible says.It is confusing in the beging, but then very informal.The graphics,sound affects, and directing where great.I reccomend everyone to rent this movie because it is not a wate of money it is worth more than what it costs.
5|5643|This Hitchcock thriller is amazing. Jimmie Stewarrt at his finest makes this popular classic an eternal hit. If you only see one Hitchcock film, make it the Rear Window.
5|14301|I felt I had to rate this film to point out an error a lot of people seem to be making. The fighting that everyone is going mad about in the film, while being very accurate and thus nasty to watch, is also supposed to symbolise the inner turmoil going on within Edward Nortons charachter. The person who recommended people watch it but fast forward the fight scene's, is mis guiding people. The fight scenes are as important as the rest of the story, as they are supposed to give you an actualisation of his inner turmoil. Well, in my opinion, anyway. One more point- everyone seems to think that the main charachters name is Jack (Nortons), but if you watch the film again, you will see he only adopts this name after reading an article in a magazine he found in the house he shares with tyler- something about Jack's Kidney or something- anyway the point is we never find out his name, as it's not considered important because all that happens is done by Tyler anyway. Opinionated- I am, Right- your call!
5|8367| Big is a delightful comedy! Tom Hanks is actually believable as a boy transformed into an adult. The scene where Tom Hanks applies for a job is absolutely hilarious. I also love it when he arrives at the office party wearing an outrageous tuxedo and when he takes Elizabeth Perkins back to his apartment for a sleepover in his bunk beds.
1|20553|What was the IMAX thinking?
5|7054|This is the all time best movie
5|8401|AMZAING! This should have been on the AFI's top 100 comidies, and is definatly not credited enough.
5|15779|This is a tremendous movie and one that is often overlooked when it comes to the greatest sports movies of all-time. Dennis Christopher is great as the main character whose cycling dreams are discouraged (to say the least) by his dad and tolerated / encouraged by his friends. Breaking Away is a sports movie, a buddy flick, a study of father/son relationships, and a love story all in one. It may be a little slow for some, but check it out if you've never seen it. I don't think you'll be disappointed.
5|1343|Quentin Tarantino came bursting onto the scene with this classy and thrilling thriller. Completely mixed up, there is no time here, the times change, this is great. Watch out for a cops ear, Mr. Blonde and a knife, this film was great. After the opening sequence in a bar it took me to a sickening sight of Mr. Orange (Tim Roth), and Mr. White (Harvey Kietel), in a car, Orange shot in the gut and White trying to comfort him while driving a car, this is entertaining as they get. Cool. Slick. Awesome. Three words that describe Tarantino's debut. Not quite as good as Pulp Fiction, but still damn good. See now. Summary: AN EXCELLENT, COOL THRILLER THAT IS A MUST-SEE. 
5|14467|Really loved this movie, was very well made and Billy Crudup made for a great depiction of a 70's guitarist.
5|10601|One of the funniest movies I have seen!! Talk about bad luck!! Loved Big Earn'!!!
1|13827|Can you say SUCKED!!!!!
5|16270|Spike Lee is one of the greatest movie directors of all-time. As Ruby said, it was revolutionary and it hasn't aged well. At that brief point in history, the whole Fight the Power type of high-energy, action-packed, tension-filled atmosphere expressed by Public Enemy has not really carried over to the 21st century. It is also brilliant, on the other hand, that it captured the spirit of that brief epoch in which race relations was such a hot and controversial issue.
1|24053|Drug induced.
5|10615|Wow. Hugh Grant is amazing. Jeez, I can't get enough of him. I want to see him again and again and again!!!!! He's on my top ten list (of male celebs). He's just so cool, and such a good actor, it's REALLY hard for me not to love him. This movie shows his great talent. Julia is and always will be one of the best in my book.
1|23728|not since batman and robin have we seen a sequel worse.
5|12002|I love this movie! It teaches people that popularity isn't everything. I loved it!
5|7726|Brilliant, a dark masterpiece on Cold War era concerns, with several different incredible performances by Sellers and the always good George C. Scott, among others. Another great Kubrick film.
5|1357|Great movie. Harvey Keitel plays a good role as does Tim Roth. Tarantino movies are good if you like what he does.
5|6438|This was a great movie. Paul Newman was wonderful.
5|1431|Man, this is a stunning, incredible movie. You should also check out the documentary about the making of this movie. It's called Hearts Of Darkness: A Film Maker's Apocalypse. You won't forget it.
1|10484|This movie was horrible! It was not on the same level as There's Something About Mary. The movie did have some funny moments and would have been much better without Tom Green. He was stupid and brought down the movie. The black fraternity scene was pretty amusing.
5|8373|learnin' about cuba, havin' some food
5|7040|I enjoyed how Matthew Broderick was just a student cutting class but it was made so the audience cheered for him. He broke the rules but everyone still loved him. The humor of that movie was also very funny.
5|4549|Awesome. There's high expectations with Pixar animated films, yet this one managed to exceed mine. THE INCREDIBLES puts welcome spins on the superhero genre. A superhero family is forced into conforming into a mediocre lifestyle due to a lawsuit happy society. Exceptional circumstances inspire them to get their groove back with brilliantly original kinds of scenes that will delight even the most jaded moviegoer. Don't miss the hilarious sequence on the dangers of wearing a cape. It's more inspired than FINDING NEMO, and has more in it to please adults.
1|24721|Angelina Jolie STILL sucks.
5|10173|this was a great flick. it's okay to be ditzy, especially when it's funny
5|21231|Splendid display of the eras rock performers. The themes in the movie are not simply esoteric, the symbolic imagery is powerful, impressive and insightful. The musical performances are phenomenal and the storyline is inspiring.
5|5910|I want to do a Vertigo tour of San Francisco- I'm sure there's one out there already! You can watch this movie over and over because Hitchcock's layered in so many little details that hint where the story's going- you just might not see them all at first. Psychoanalysis was never put to more intriguing use...
1|1759|i walked out after thirty minutes
5|752|Dealt with history and a love story that was action packed and thrilling. Good chick flick but also caters to machoism. Highly recommended.
5|12823|One of the best documentaries I have seen.Robert Crumb was the king of underground cartoons of the 60s-70s and later-his art was seen not only in papers and publications,and featured in his own comic books,but also made it on to album covers.His twisted humor went right to the core of social satire.In this movie you meet him,his brother and mother and several celebrities he dealt with.It is both sad and funny.After the movie was made his brother (who was also a talented artist)committed suicide.
5|15194|Wonderfully done! Very engaging movie!
5|22738|As a comic book Fan...I loved it...and Yet it had enough drama and Action to draw non- fans in. And isn't that what this movie should do??? Loved the geek stuff thrown in for the fans and I think it gave enough background to allow everyone to enjoy....Can not wait for the sequal.
1|18621|This movie sucked!!! Am i the only one who was actually watching????? I was falling asleep!! When the movie was over i jumped up yelling Hallelujah
5|9694|The music itself wasn't all that bad!
5|7861|Very well written and acted superbly by Jack Nicholson, Helen Hunt, Cuba Gooding Jr. and Greg Kinnear. Well directed, providing a good flow that helped it remain interesting for how long it was.
5|20649|I think music makes the movie. Grease left everyone singing. Even my generation is fascinated with Grease and the 50's. We all know the lyrics to Summerlove .
5|11494|When I saw this movie the first time I was disappointed. It seemed just too stupid to me. Up watching it the second time I thought it was really funny. I accepted it for what it was, stupid humor, and now it's one of my favorite movies. Damn that Hansel! He's so hot right now!
5|43|Why do I think this is such a great movie? I dunno..I'm making this up as I go ;) 
5|11480|A REAL romantic comedy...that's why I liked it so much. It's sweet, adorable and light. Afterwards, I didn't regret taking along my 6 year old. My husband liked it, too, except for the little white lies that the main characters tell. One more thing bothered him: the fact that I very easily convinced him to see this chick-flick not only once, but twice. And he liked it better the second time! Same as I did.
5|10946|the mouse in the bottle, iguess there will be no charge for this one
5|9858|I LOVE this movie! It was funny, had some great parodies, and made me laugh at least every five minutes. It was definitly a teenie bopper movie, but it was still funny all around. My brother nad I have endless inside jokes - so it shows you how great this film is.
5|9680|I love Jim Carrey and I love this movie! I watch this movie just to get a good laugh. How can you hate this movie? It's halirious!
5|13297|Anyone who does not believe that war veterans should receive great benefits should be forced to watch this movie and maybe they would quickly change their opinion. Incredibly intense movie at the beginning! I had to come out of the theatre and take a deep breath of fresh air at the end of the movie... wow!
5|7875|I laughted almost as much of this film as I cried of Forrest Gump that doesn't say little! Actually I cried half the time of Forrest Gump! I'm sure this is the funniest movie I've ever seen, even better than There's Something About Mary, American Pie Dumb Dumber! And for the people that think this movie stinks of homofobi: Haven't you understand it's ironi? The use of homofobi in this comedy is the same as in Ellen's last shows! The only different is that As Good As It Gets is even funnier, but still as important for gays' civil right. One of the best gay films ever made, though Show Me Love is better! I'm not a big Nicholson-fan, but this film is a must - his [only?] masterpiece! Both he Hunt deserved their Oscars, but the huge mistake was to give Titanic the Oscar - As Good As It Gets was better more touching! :-)
5|23432|i watch this movie all the time! i wish i could be someone like the 5th element. she rox.
1|4635|I remember when I watched this at school the kids made fun of the scene where the two main character sleep together. Sadly I think it's amusing since this film is mostly a snore.
5|15180|This movie is outstanding. Everything seems real in this movie; the relationships, the characters, the emotions. And that is not very common in the movies these days. Cuba Gooding, Jr. and Tom Cruise are able to create intense chemistry in the player / agent relationship and the little kid is really cute as well. I'm surprised this movie wasn't more of a hit - guys like it because it's about sports, and girls like it because it addresses relationships.
5|5904|I was completely blown away on several levels by this Hitchcock classic the first time I saw it many years ago. Though he was an undeniably eclectic actor who brought to life characters from George Bailey to Elwood P. Dowd and everything in between during his long career, this part still seemed fairly offbeat for Jimmy Stewart. Yet, per usual he did an excellent job giving us one very confused individual who embodied all the internal fear, sexual tension and repression that seems to be the underlying theme in so many Hitchcock thrillers. Kim Novak may have lacked Stewart's range overall but was still a very good choice for her role as well. She conveyed just the right combination of beauty and eccentric mental ambiguity to make her character both an integral part of the story and fascinating love interest for Stewart's Scottie Ferguson. This is an excellent classic film that will challenge your intellect as well as keep you on the edge of your seat.
5|746|Very loving and heart warming story about the Mohican indians. Great action throughout the movie!
5|17797|Frightening movie. Did he go insane becouse he had no alcohol? Or was he realy possesed. Excelent script and directing. Definently one of my favorites
5|1592|I don't know about a lot of other people, but I'm not very into pirates. I never saw previews for the movie or anything! My friend invited me to see it and I was thinking, eww, why would I want to see a pirate movie? I went with just because I didn't want to stay home alone. After I got out, I was in love and saw it again and bought the DVD! Then, I remembered that one of the best rides was made after it, too! The cast, setting, everything was wonderful! I really think that you should go see it. Just to let you know, the beginning is a little boring, but you'll hopefully like it. There are a few scarier scenes, but nothing to worry so much about!!!
1|17248|My girlfriend had advance tickets thanks to a contest. I begged her not to take me. I pleaded with her not to go. We went. Ben is a killer for hire (?) who wants to seduce the lesbian-killer j-Lo (!?) in one of the worst films I have ever seen. The dialouge is god-awful. . .when Ben gets ready to perform oral sex on j-lo she says IT'S TURKEY TIME, GOBBLE, GOBBLE! I can't make this stuff up. I laughed because I had to numb the pain of sitting through this horrible movie. It's worse than WATERWORLD, ISHTAR, and even THE WEDDING PLANNER. . .I think I'll pop in TAXI DRIVER right now to remember what a decent film looks like. . .I need smelling salts right now. Anyway, Gigli is BAD!
1|10527|A stupid story .....no laughs for me.
5|17967|Now here's a horror movie. This movie can give you nightmares for the rest of your life. You know it's a scary movie when you won't dare show your kids. If this movie wasn't good it wouldn't be legend by now. Everyone knows about it and everyone's seen it. I would give this movie an A+ for scariness.
1|14741|When are people going to realize that Julia Roberts is one of the least talented actresses ever to (dis)grace the screen? This movie is an insult to anyone with even a modicum of intelligence. Chauvinism aside, theres not a company in existence that would put up with a bitch like this past her first coffee break. Grotesquely implausible, forced acting performances (especially from Roberts), and vapid dialogue makes rates this movie a must avoid .
5|20675|A classic
1|13748|Predictable, sentimental garbage.
5|24413|Milla Jovovitch RULES!
5|7691|i think fat bastard inpregnated me. (ha ha sikes) the movie is so funny. i was rollin. 
1|20396|One of the stupidest and least scary horror movies I've ever seen. It was almost as bad at Battlefield Earth.
5|15802|Among the plethora of crappy teen movies, this one shines as a beacon of hope. Based on the wonderful book by Nicholas Sparks, it stands as an uplifting yet often heartbreaking film. Mandy Moore proves what a fantastic talent she is as Jamie, the dowdy, wholesome pastor's daughter. Shane West is compelling and surprisingly good as the popular, shallow teen who falls in love with Jamie. There's some wonderful lessons about life, love and spirituality here. A tearjerker that's well worth it.
5|7849|Extremely well made comedy and a beautiful movie to watch. Helen Hunt is a goddess to watch in this.
5|23368|Wow. Loved this movie.
1|13984|I really hated this movie. I thought it was really really boring, and it wasn't original or unusual. There is a scene where Matt Damon and Minnie Driver are eating big cheeseburgers and kssing at the same time. I saw that in the movie theatre, on a BIG screen, and all i have to say is EEEEWWWWW!
5|21219|I really love this movie and think Rosalind Russell gave a sterling performance as Mama Rose. Based on the life of Gypsy Rose Lee (played by Natalie Wood), it showed how Mama Rose pushed her daughters into stardom in the vaudeville days. Mama really wanted to be the star herself and lived vicariously through her daughters. Excellent songs - Everything's Coming Up Roses for this film.
5|17973|This movie scared the crap out of me!! Especially since it was a true story, I was really captivated by it.
5|18498|I really enjoyed this movie. It was suspenseful, scary, and funny. This was the best of the Scream movies.
5|14249|Tom Hanks got an oscar but Denzel should have gotten one too. He was awesome as he learned about human compassion and learned to throw bitotry out the window. This movie was moving and compelling and told a necessary story aobut the treatment of people with this horrible disease.
1|21705|Not the only one, Kristinand.
5|18473|It's definetly a true cult B-movie classic. The beginning scared the hell out of me and Drew Barrymore was so convincing in her role. And then of course, We see her getting gutted to death. You feel so bad, You forget it's just a movie. It really makes you connect with the charatcers, You know. 
5|17740|Ah Halloween. The first of the series that pulled us in and held us tight. I can t remember a Halloween I didn t like ok maybe the latest one, Halloween Resurrection. But that movie lack the sophistication that the others had. It was to modern , I guess, for me. I liked the old feeling that you get when you don t know were the killers coming from. That s what I liked most about this one anyway. I thought it had a certain quality to it that made it special, made it different from all the others. Maybe it was the wonderful performance by Jaime Lee-Curtis? Perhaps the eerie look of Micheal Meyers? Who knows. All I know that it definitely set the stage for horror movies everywhere. Just look at all the cheap rip-offs like Friday the 13th and Scream. And to think, pore ole John Carpenter only had 300,000 bucks to film and produce the movie. I dare you to say that he would be half as good off as he is now without Halloween. Summing up, Halloween is the best horror film of its time, of our time, and will probable continue to be good for years to come.
1|14966|I thought that this movie was pathetic pro-American propaganda. It was historically inaccurate and made the British look like baby killing tyrants. That some people would pretend that it is historcally accurate is scary. It is pure entertainment and nothing more. Similar to Braveheart, which twisted history to try to make the British seem worse than the Nazis.
5|949|THe movie that kept me away from the beach for over three years! Excellent music by John Williams and direction by Steven Speilberg. The DVD is fantastic!
5|11331|This movie is hysterical. Best scene: Pee-Wee patiently waiting through a tedious tour of the Alamo, hoping to find his bicycle in the non-existent basement.
5|9|A good movie to see over and over!
1|23112|With Star Wars, George Lucas turned the film industry on its head. With Phantom Menace, George Lucas joined the rest of the film industry in its superficial marketing-fest. Phantom Menace does not have the uncorrupted feel of (the original 1977 version of) Star Wars. Episode I takes itself far too seriously. It has no wit, no great chemistry between the stars, and hardly any character development. The actors do very little to create sympathy. All that and barely enough plot to fill a midichlorian's left nostril. But what about all the great inside jokes? I hear you whine. What about them? If I want a bunch of gratuitous inside jokes, I'll watch the latest Disney movie. 
5|4415|Easily the best claymation production ever created, Chicken Run is highly imaginative and very well done. The plot is simple enough--chickens want out and bad guys don't want them to do so. Throw in an American rooster (Mel Gibson, in what is arguably his best movie), and you've got a great set-up for comedy. Although much of the humor is inspired zaniness and dumb villains, there are some clever pop culture references, the best of which is an uproarious reference to the Original Star Trek series.
5|17998|scared the hell out me!
5|20852|This is indeed a great movie and I loved Judy Garland's songs in it.
5|4373|This is one movie never gets boring no matter how many times I watched it. Not the greatest actors, but an excellent plot.
5|18315|Freddy is the only Movie slasher whose wit is as sharp as his knife glove,ya gotta love it.
5|10749|Very funny and enjoyable.
5|9657|Dumb Dumber is the best film ive ever seen and each time i watch it, it just gets better. Ive watched it so many times i know everything about it. who ever says anything negative about this film they cannot have seen it!
5|23383|Wonderfully done. Jim Carrey is amazing on this one.
5|8549|Very nice movie and one of the best love stories ever done.
1|21077|if that guy was on my roof singing and dancing i would throw a chair at him
5|9643|I can't help laughing every time I see it. This was great. Jeff Daniels was nothing short of PERFECT for the role. And nothing needs to be said about good ol' Jim.
1|3827|These snake films are really bad. The snakes in this film get beefed up by chomping on the Blood Orchid. The film supposedly took place in Borneo. Anacondas are found in South America, not Borneo! Martha made me go to this film! Shame on her!
1|20369|Giving this movie one star makes the other one star movies look bad. Possibly the worst horror movie ever made. Terrible. Awful. Pathetic. Pick your own synonyms.
5|20846|Very good movie, where the music makes sense in the context of the plot, and isn't just cowboys putting down their lariats and breaking into song. Minelli, Grey and York are all very good, and the film is very tight.
5|21580|If I could give decimal ratings, it would be more than a 4.5, but less than a 5. This is a great movie, and sometimes was sad, but had lots of action. I have not read any of the books though.
5|80|RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK IS BY THE BEST OF THE TRILOGY!
5|18301|Freddy Kruger rocks!! and this movie rocks!! it's very intresting!! it's scary too! all the perfect ingredients to make a horror movie!!
5|785|I never cry. I am a grown man who feels it very important never to let anybody see him cry. Thank GOD I was watching this movie alone at the time. I have to say though that when I saw the movie for the second time it was not completely logical. For example, if he could figure out he was dead at the end while observing his wife's agony, why not earlier when he was investigating the boy, etc.? 
5|17754|My favorite horror film of all time. This one is not nearly as gory as you would think. There is so much suspense and build-up and it does pay off at the end. You will be scared. That dang creepy music will get to you too.
5|19779|Great fun. It is a spectacular way to kill an hour and half. Watching Kane Hodder in his final role to date as Jason hack and slash a bunch of teens and adults alike in space. Again, entertaining; but definately not worthy of an Oscar.
1|24669|If you try to make a movie out of a bad show, then what are you trying to accomplish??? Nothing. And you get nothing out of this high-budget film that doesn't get anywhere.
5|15143|Depp (and Pacino) were excellent;best cops and robbers movie since 'Goodfellas'.
5|6216| Absolutely a masterpiece from frame one. The closing scene is timeless. 
1|24641|Bad Shatner! Bad! No more writing! Anything! Ever!
5|975|When I first saw this movie, I was 12 years old. I remember that the same weekend that I saw it, my room was getting painted, and I had to sleep downstairs in the living room on an air mattress. All night long, I drifted in and out of sleep thinking that I was floating on an inflatable raft in the middle of the ocean with a 25 foot long Great White circling me. Not my best night's sleep ever, but an excellent, classic movie.
5|7120|Hilarious. One of the best jokes is how many people think Badges? We don't need no stinkin' badges. comes from this movie. For the hoi-polloi, the line is from Treasure of the Sierra Madre.
5|14275|Brad Pitt and Edward Norton shine in this cutting edge drama. The whole movie is thrilling and humerous. I was on the edge of my seat (couch) the whole entire movie. WOW!!! One of my favorite films of all time. No doubt about it.
5|1237|An instant classic as soon as it came out.Like Resevoir Dogs a must see brutally honest and violent vision by QT.Inspired performances by all.
1|18806|I hated the f***ing thing! It was so darn scary! It got me so jumpy that it wasn't even funny! The ending was the worst I have seen in years. What is it with modern horror movies and bad endings? First jeepers creepers and now this! Why did they have to kill the guy? He was the only cool guy in the movie. That's totally not how I would end a movie. And I just wanna say that the part of the reason why the movie scared me so f***ing much is that it was so nasty! I mean the dead bodies didn't have to be so ugly... And BIGBABY is right, too many unanswered questions. I think the horrors should be scary while you watch them and the ending is supposed to rid the viewer of all fear, because everything is supposed to be explained. My butt! And considering that the movie was actually a rip-off of that other japanese movie, its identical copy one might say, the director has done a poor job. Message to the directors: please, don't make so f***ing scary senseless movies!
5|14513|Cast Away was an excellent movie, although some of the scenes with the waves didn't look that great, I thought Tom Hanks did an excellent part in this movie.
5|7646|Micheal Keaton's shining moment. This is a true must-see in the comedy world.
1|20341|i hated this movie it was so boring it was horrible it had nothing to do with michael myers do not rent it 
5|16304|Come on, how can anyone that calls him/herself a Christian give any less than 5 stars? I feel everyone has a right to thier own opinion but I also feel if you don't feel anything from watching this masterpiece, you are not in touch w/your Maker. Mel did an excellent job w/ this movie. The casting was excellent. I can't say that anyone could have played Jesus better than Jim. What an outstanding experience. As for people who saw nothing in this film and those of you who are atheist and agnostic's, I will pray for you. :o)
5|19023|The greatest horror collection ever made. Written by Stephen King and directed ny George A Romero, this fun and fright filled film pays homage to the great pulp horror comics of yesterday. Five hugely entertaing stories spin a web of delightful mayhem. The first story(Father's Day) is a nifty classic story of the living dead and out and out revenge Featuring the academy Award nominated Ed Harris in a six line role. The second tale starring Stephen King himself is called The Lonsome Death of Jordy Verrill. A funny as well as heart wrenching story of a back woods redneck who dips his fingers in meteor sh*t and has to suffer through the results. Next is Something to Tide You over. This is my favorite. One were you root for the supernatural. Starring Ted Danson and Leslie Nelson, this one is about murder,jealousy and revenge that will have you rooting for the nasty ones and is my favorite of the five. Next is The Crate a sick and twisted gore story about a college janitor who finds a crate from an old Arctic expidition stashed under the basment stairs. What lies inside is still alive, AND HUNGRY. The Crate provides much blood and gore as well as a way to dispose of bitchy embarasing spouses. Lastley is the critter infested story, They're Creeping Up On You. About an anal retentive clean freak millionare who is a complete ass hole to everyone who works for him. He happens to have a phobia of roaches. Hmmmm...what could happen to this sap? Very,very cool movie. Campy and lots of fun to watch. Wspecially with your pals. HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! Not just for the Leslie Neilson scene either, tootie.
1|8796|This is one of those movies that when you are leaving the theatre you hope your not reckognized. This movie sucked! I have been a dog owner and I like dogs. But sitting down and watching a bunch of eccentric freaks parade their dogs made me sick. This was not a comedy it was a tragedy. This group of dogs gets treated better than most humans.
5|10761|It was a very funny movie I thought It didnt look very good when I seen the previews but when I seen it I was cracking up.
5|13268|Well written, sensitively directed and superbly acted. The portrayal of Captain John Miller as a humbly man, a school teacher who only wanted to return home to his wife but never made it, was very moving and highly compelling. My father was a medic on the front lines in WWII, he did make it back home, only he returned with more than just physical scars; something of which he never talked about, he was a humble man too, as well as a brave man. War flims, art imitating live, what a shame that it has to exist.
5|1223|I would say something but you've already said it all; This movie is awesome!
1|20355|A cheap attempt at Urban Legends,Scream or a I know clone.This movie was rented as a free rental and the clerk refunded my money for the tape i paid for! This should tell you all you need to know.
5|7652|When I saw this movie I really loved it. I thought it was hilarious. Really weird, but really funny.
1|11836|I like just about every movie I see, but NOT this one! It SUCKED! The plot sucked, I laughed about 1 time maybe. DON'T SEE IT!
5|7134|One of the most exploitive movies ever made. But, comon' you can't tell me you didn't laugh when Mongo knocked the hell out of that horse. We don't need no stinkin' badges PRICELESS!
5|1545|An absolutely excellent and surprising movie with screenbreaking vibes between Basinger and Crowe! A thrilling story, excellent actors, great music: Bravo to the Director Curtis Hanson
5|14261|A brilliant and beautiful film, with sympathetic characters and lovely moments - the opera scene and the final scenes representing Hollywood at its best and most powerful emotionally.
1|4812|I love David Spade, but this movie was TERRIBLE. It is the worst movie Disney has ever made, with Hercules just slightly ahead. They tried too hard and it just didn't work.
5|5723|The absolute best movie of all time! I give it more than 5 stars.
5|10007|Really funny
5|3352|Romeo Must Die was a really good movie. I saw it twice. It was really good because it had a lot of action sequences, so it was good for guys, and had also a love interest develop, which satisfied the girls.
1|22973|Although the thought of passengers in space is cool, the film is boring, tedious and just plain unimaginative. Compared to the brilliance found in the various Star Trek incarnations, 2001 seems grounded in a sort of reality. Also, long portions of the film drag on without any humor, action, or dialogue. I just can't watch this film without getting sleepy.
5|21755|The final chapter of Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings movie trilogy is the best, taking, as it does, all the storylines that were sere set up and developed in the first two and tying them up in Tolkien-esque fashion. Some viewers may not care for the last twenty/thirty minutes, as Jackson plays out the post-war endings for each of the major characters, but his decision is fitting: we've spent too much time with these characters to end with a simple, It's over! With the exception of the gentleman who played Denethor, the acting is the best it's been in the series. As each of the major players has been given more to do, they have stepped up and met the challenge. This is the finest motion picture of 2003. 
5|11696|C`mon, Reality bites is a really good movie and if you dont like it just watch it for Ethan Hawke! Its one of my fave movies.
1|15107|Sucked
5|236|A masterpiece. One of the greatest movies of all time. The only downfall is that I heard that the guy who wrote the story changed some things around from what really happened to William Wallace in actual history. But Hey, that doesn't make the movie worst. The movie's still GREAT!
1|12668|you couldn't pay me to see this crap
5|23142|Excellent puppetry! I love a good Jim Henson movie, and this is one of the better ones (I'd also like to recommend Dark Crystal, if you like Labyrinth too). The movie is also an excellent loss of innocence/coming of age story (the heroine learns that she has to be more mature and take responsibility for things as she battles the labyrinth and is tempted by the goblin king in an attempt to save her baby brother).
5|15396|wonderfull
5|1974|Great movie, great dialogue, great story. It had a big twist at the end with the daughter and Faye Dunaway.
1|20802|I love musicals but I simply didn't enjoy this one at all. A big disappointment.
5|23624|This is a great movie! It makes you think. The plot was unique and flowed nicely. It was a vivid, powerful, dark movie. I really like the ending. Very creepy movie.
5|17581|It's not possible to have make a better and faster paced film;it's not possible there could be any movie bullets left anywhere...One of the classics.
5|550|Excellent stuff. Tarantino should take tips from this on how to make a quality action thriller. Top performances all around. As for the comment from jerricabenton...yeah..sure you had it all figured out!!
1|174|boring
5|17595|Depicting a Japanese architect's affair (at Hiroshima,in 1959) with a French actress, who recalls her wartime love for a German soldier under Nazi occupation,this is a ground-breaking,and highly influential arthouse masterpiece.Its intertwining of past and present,and of different personal and political experiences, is handled with rare sensitivity, elegance and wholly cinematic expertise.A challenging but refined,quietly moving and brilliant film.
1|9113|I don't know why this movie was such a big hit, it was gay.
5|544|One of the classic mob movies of all time. DeNiro is great, Joe Pesci explodes. Also, it is chock full of classic quotes. Seeing this makes most of the recent mob-theme movies look lame.
5|16853|This movie evoked in me powerful emotions I haven't felt about a movie in a long, long while. Damon's acting was superb, up there with Good Will Hunting, and his on-screen relationship with Henry Thomas made it evident the two are off-screen friends. The cinematography is comparable to The Horse Whisperer, broad and sweeping and 'drop-everything-and-go-there' beautiful. It was truly a beautiful movie, full of passion, and I speak not only of the romance, which is somewhat underplayed for the role it plays in the movie. The most passion is found within John Grady Cole himself, the soul-searching, the self-inflicted guilt, the self-consciousness and willingness to do whatever (Alejandra) says. The dynamics of this character are very acurately portrayed. However, the editing seems a bit choppy--After I saw the movie, I thought several scenes could have been elaborated on, and, come to find out, they were. In Talk magazine for December and this month, he speaks of 'the four-hour version' of this movie, says that version is hands-down the best movie he's ever been in. I just hope they release that version, because this movie leaves me both with a great satisfaction, a pride in the human spirit, but also a longing to see more, hear more, for there to BE more, about these two men....and that unforgettable woman. Excellent.
5|1960|Nolte and Deniro are among our best living actors. Deniro was amazing, and stayed true to the 1950 version with Robert Mitchom.
5|8944|Galaxy Quest was a superb movie. It not only paradied Startek, but also the culture it created (convention, nearby Die-Hard fans). I loved the extra guy who thought he would die like the redshirt dies first.
5|13095|Most meaningful movie I have ever seen. No movie has addressed a sensative topic with such openness, and sincerity. Beautiful.
5|9482|Once again, John Cusack has created a classic. This is one relationship movie that any guy can appreciate. This movie is also a great introduction to music you may not have heard before. Jack Black steals the show.
5|21741|As I prepare to write a review for the final installment of Lord of the Rings, I have to feel like I am ripping off a band-aid, like I am leaving old friends behind. Because, in effect, the characters have become our friends these past three years. They began with an innocence as fresh as our pre-9/11 days and ended with a true feel of the world, a feel that is free and young but still a bit cynical and wary. I went into the theater with high expectations and left with those expectations well-met. I was impressed by the raw emotion injected into the story -- especially moving was the performance given by Billy Boyd as Peregrine Took. The innocence in his eyes when he is separated from his best friend Merry; the pain and fear shown so poignantly in the face of battle; the open inquisitiveness of a child when in the presence of Gandalf -- all made my heart ache and my eyes sting. Pippin becomes a different kind of hero, one who is courageous yet naive, strong-willed yet childlike. And he retains that ingenuousness even as he ages with the knowledge that he may never see the Shire again. A startling, moving paradox. Sean Astin also has some very moving moments as Samwise Gamgee, and his performance was nothing short of extraordinary in lines and actions that would have been difficult or over-the-top for an actor of lesser caliber. Astin makes Sam into a courageous hero rather than just a trusting sidekick. His talent is phenomenal. And when Viggo Mortensen as Aragorn becomes who he was born to be, there is a particular tribute to our hobbit heroes that cannot be described by any words in my vocabulary -- it simply has to be seen to be believed, to be fully experienced. The scene is poignantly punctuated with a soundtrack composed by Howard Shore, making it one of the most unforgettable Goosebump Movie Moments of all time. All in all, this film is a straightforward story about hope, friendship, courage and the battle between good and evil. Of course, good triumphs in the end, our hearts are warmed, and our minds are set at ease. It's just too bad real life can't always end like a Tolkein novel or a Jackson film. 
5|11682|Again, it's not really a comedy. But it's a great fable about modern politics - specifically the beauty and depravity of human nature amplified through the tempest of politics. As dark as the film seems, its really about mixed motives and the tension between idealism and cynicism, romance and realism, and principle and pragmatism. Its billed as a slam of the Clintons, but actually the portrayals are very humanizing in that there are in fact strong core values obscured by the hypocrisy and corruption. I actually came away liking the Clintons more. Emma Thompson was as usual just dazzling in her versatility, but Travolta really impressed me despite the stereotypical depiction. I actually forgot that I was looking at Travolta, whereas Im usually annoyed with him half way through the film because he normally inserts too much of his own personality into his characters. The supporting cast was superb right down to the minor characters with one or two lines.
5|6799|This movie is wicked hilarious. It's impossible not to laugh at least once during a sitting, and some of the gags have gone down as classics. I'd like to see you try and not quote it after seeing it. Heh.
1|20180|Thank GOD Freddie is dead! Now we have to look forward to Jason vs. Freddie. Yeeee Haawwww!!!
5|22260|Cameron's first masterpiece, proved that he was a likely contender with already-appreciated directors like Spielberg or Scorsese. The man made Arnold the star that he is. And, made several more unforgettable classics along side the superstar. Why-o-why can't Cameron and Arnold get together to do True Lies 2? I know that Terminator 3 can't add up to it's predecessors without these two icons of film. Terminator, the original has impressive effects given it's 6 million dollar budget, and for the times in which it was made. They didn't have THE MATRIX EFFECTS yet (sarcastic). But, you people have to realize Cameron revolutionize effects enough so that they could actually make The Matrix. Action, like most of Cameron movies is relentless and intense... as it should be. Comedy, subtle but all also can be sinister. Romance and nudity, as most of these kind of movies should have (which adds to the story instead of dipletes the integrity). This is the model for every action picture since, that I've seen at least. 
5|6941|shurley there were a lot of movies about plane truobles at the time, i was told by my mom. So some crzy guy said, F!% that, lets make a movie that people will laugh at and not worry about a plane crashin. So that guy made this movie, and it was the first to ever really put slapstick-non-stop comedy into a movie more that 50 times. So thats why this movie is great. Some up tight people wont like it but i sure as heck did, and any comedy person should too. This is a great comedy. It came out in 1977, i was born in '85, and it never gets old. And even my mom and dad cant stop watching it!!!!! oh yea and dont call me shurley!!!
1|7670|Mike Myers is about as funny as a stucco bathtub. This movie is less humourous than that.
1|1201|It is just boring.
1|22797|Bite my shiney metal arse.
5|20477|This film is what an Imax movie was meant to be. Fantastic use of the format--astonishing visual treats.
5|2299|This movie is one of the most powerful films I have ever seen. I will never get those images out of my mind. The fact that it is based on a true story makes it all the more disturbing.
5|4830|If this is a true story, I'd say that it is quite great to see other than cats and dogs try to find their owner thatthey love so much. Keep in mind that parrots can live as long as humans, so it was a great ending to see Paulie and Marie reunite after more than a decade of separation, and for the single janitor who helped the parrot escape the institution and find her can live happliy ever after since Paulie convinced him to fall in love with Marie. After seeing the movie, you can see how touching these three coped with adversity.
5|19590|This movie was just bad ass. Not too too scary but just enough. and entertaining.
5|22506|one of the best.
1|19067|Funniest horror movie I have ever seen. I'm in favor of originality but when someone dies because of muderous toilet water I don't tend to take the movie too seriously. I still can't believe that they made a sequel to the movie with the killer toilet water.
5|24177|This movie was great. It gave a realistic view of how the world could come to an end. The effects were also very good.
1|5701|Gone with The Wind has to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. Words can not describe my disappointment with this movie, especially after hearing so much hype as to how wonderful the movie was and etc. I guess when the movie debut in 1939- it was a great movie for the time. However, by today's standards, this movie is nothing but trash. I could not help but to laughed through most of the movie because the acting was so bad. I kind of feel sorry for the people who remember when Gone with The Wind was considered a great movie- it clearly shows how far the United States of America has come since the dark ages of the oppressive South.
5|22512|Blade Runner is SciFi at it's greatest. This film is dark from the theme to the sets. Incredible, subtle acting on the parts of Harrison Ford, Daryl Hannah, Rutger Hauer and more. This film raises the question, What does it mean to be human? The imagery is beautiful and loaded with symbolism. Despite it's dark tone, it is also touching. Rutger Hauer's last scene in this film is one of the most beautiful, life affriming scenes I've ever seen.
5|13917|Why Jack Nicholson did not win an Oscar for his performance is completely beyond me. The whole You can't handle the truth outburst was one of the all-time examples of great acting. Oh, yeah, everybody else (Tom Cruise, Demi Moore, etc.) did a pretty good job. A fast paced thriller that never runs out of steam. Anybody know who played Dawson and Downey? I'd like to know. Well, that's enough of my babbling. Take care, everyone.
5|578|A very well written movie, the cast really fit the part well and the acting was great.I liked the ending and how it all came together.
1|24494|Loses what little charm the first movie in the series had.
1|14231|This movie is very bad. It shouldn't have won best picture
5|5284|There has been no greater story told than this one, and no more beautiful or talented actress has lived than Judy Garland. And, I know we're not supposed to comment on other people's comments. But, DAMN, if Lord Of The Waves honestly believes that ONE person did any kind of drugs because they saw The Wizard of Oz , he/she needs real help.
5|20463|This is a spectacular film about the disastrous climb up Mount Everest that is also the subject of the book Into Thin Air. Seeing this film in the IMAX theater adds so much to the experience. (I also rented the film, but it just is not nearly as good on normal television.) I saw the IMAX film after reading Into Thin Air and The Climb (the latter is a book about the same expedition written by a member of one of the other groups on the mountain). The film was an excellent supplement to the books. It was particularly eerie watching climbers traverse seemingly bottomless chasms only using ladders tied together by rope. A wonderful film that is definitely worth seeing in the theaters.
5|8978|Funny, funny, funny. Jim Carrey is the best.
1|11349|Oh, no she's not . . . . The movie is the typical Cinderella fantasy teen movie, where the popular guy in school is on a bet to make the nerdiest girl in school a hottie, and he falls in love, blah, blah, blah . . . if you like this kind of thing, I'm sure you'll love this movie, but I'll pass.
5|6955|A classic 80's movie with a really funny story. Matthew Brodrick is great.
5|22274|best burt reynolds film EVER!!!
5|15433|This is a very romantic, different movie. Loved it!
5|1009|Classic action-film. I just saw it for the 4th or 5th time. Couldn't change the channel. The bad guy was just as good as, if not better than, Bruce Willis.
5|23181|Perfection. I lvoe the subtle Scifi's and not the cowboys in space movies. This was great.
5|13042|Masterpiece. Gotta see it.
5|9455|Rob and the musical morons are very funny. Well scripted, brilliant performance by Cusack, and a good soundtrack. Clever and witty.
5|6766|Great story! Excellent performances! Sydney Pollack directs all to terrific results! Gig Young as the promoter, won an oscar for Best supporting actor. In marathon dance contests,the dancers are pushed to their limits. Indeed, Susannah York, has a harrowing scene, as a dancer who went mad. It won her an oscar nomination for best supporting actress. (She lost to Goldie Hawn, for Cactus Flower) When one ponders the times of the Big Depression, one can understand the desperation that would drive the young to enter these contests. And there were always people who exploited their vulnerability. 
5|20488|Fantasia has always been one of Disney's best movies. The 2000 version brought it to life. The sound quality was much better. The animation seems clearer. And the newly added scenes to the story kept your eyes glued to the screen. Kinda' like a Where's Waldo book.
5|2500|awsome movie
5|18117|By far my favorite horror film. I love the grainy black and white, and the methodical destruction of all the characters. The central metaphor has been interpreted (and over-interpreted) many ways --but to me it is about deadening, mindless conformity devouring everything alive.
5|21796|The book on which the three films are based is conventionally, and incorrectly, referred to as a trilogy ...a term that describes three books that are related but each a complete work in itself--able to stand independently of the others. Lord of the Rings is actually a single novel divided into three parts by the publisher for reasons of convenience. Critics who call The Two Towers a sequel are mistaken. It is part two of a three part work, and is best judged as such. As such, and anticipating a similar quality level in the as-yet-unseen third intalment, it is excellent work. Jackson's emendations were by and large more respectful of the novel than anyone has a right to expect, given the film industry's historically rocky relationship to literature, especially great literature.
5|4171|ahh, shalom and good evening to you, worthy friends! please come closer-uh, too close, a little too close! there... welcome to agrabah, city of mystery, of enchantment-and the finest merchandise this side of river jordan, come one down!
5|17542|By far the most important post-war Russian director,Andrei Tarkovsky was proclaimed by Ingmar Bergman, the greatest,the one who invented a new language,true to the nature of film,as it captures life as a reflection,life as a dream .With its ambitious scope,astounding set-pieces,magisterial pacing and glorious colour finale, this towering episodic account of the life of the medieval icon painter (replete with witches,pagan rituals,and sacking of monasteries by Tatar hordes) is the most convincing portrait of the period, justifiably the Vatican's #1 recommended film, and one of the most awesome artistic achievements of the 20th Century!
5|2266|Top Gun was a great movie. Tom Cruise's finest hour. Meg Ryan is a hottie. Great mix of action and sex.
5|593|The way the mystery comes unfolding slowly definitely makes the movie better. The characters are all unique in the way that you don't know what happens until the end and it is great.
5|18671|This movie rocks!! the only flaw is it takes a while for it to get intresting, but that really doesn't ruin it for me!! this movie was scary!! I mean the dark scenery was creepy and the Grandpa is the creepiest element of this flim probably! this is one of my favorite flims of all time! Leatherface is scary and the movie is very entertaining, I also like the whole Hillbilly family, I thought they were hilarious and scary!!if you haven't seen it a highly recommend that you view this. it's SCARY!!
5|16884|Great movie, great action, shows the history!
5|5509|This is a good movie! I love the music and The bond between Norman and his mother is very interesting. It's the one that started all the great slasher flicks we have, it just has this effect on you that I don't know just makes you wanna watch this movie! I LOVED it!
5|24188|Armageddon had various themes leading to one overall. I liked the movie because it was interesting. The cast was great. Liv Tyler is the best!
5|6000|This was such a great movie and one of my alltime favorite movies. James Stewart always blows me away and this is chareceter is absoultely amazing. I would never be able to stand on my feet for a whole 48 hours was it? Just to stand up to something he believe in, he was incredible. I wish we had more politicians like Mr. Smith in our days today!
1|2085|Sensless movie, bad acting, bad direction, horrible script, just good special effects.Good movie for airheads.
5|9327|This was a tremendous cinematic achievement and should be remembered as one the top films of the last 10-15 years. Brilliantly put together by Robert Zemeckis, Who Framed Roger Rabbit brings the world of live action together with the world of animation. You get absolutely lost in the interaction and forget that there is obviously no way that Eddie Valiant could be having a conversation with an animated rabbit. This combination of live action with animation would by itself make this a remarkable movie-making feat. But, the story is great, as well. It is both laugh out loud funny and quite touching and heart-warming. If you have always gone right by this film as you've been deciding what to rent or buy, next time stop and grab it. You'll love it whether you're 8, 28, 48, or 68.
5|13730|Although I watched Glory when I was younger, I have to say that it was one of the most memorable movies of my time. It's drama scenes were touching and the theme of the movie was good.
5|6014|The Marx brothers' unique brand of anarchic humour may not be for all tastes,but for those of you,like me,who are enamoured,this spoof of war heroics and all sorts of -isms(with Groucho,would you believe,as President of Ruritania,Harpo and Chico as spies) surely has to be their most inspired and hilarious hour(and 10 minutes).The nightgown-mirror scene had me banging on the floor in convulsions.
1|23304|I think this movie was soooo boring. I fell asleep during the first ten minutes of the movie. Me and my friend only rented that movie because we saw everything else already.
5|4603|While people who love Chris Columbus will be hugely disapointed, while I prefer the CC era, I loved this movie.
5|17556|Everyone was so unbelievably natural in this movie, especially the brilliant female star, that I felt I was truly looking into their lives. Very worth seeing.
5|18665|wow its a classic
5|587|I have seen this movie more than twenty times and could see it twenty times more! Besides the fact that this film has an incredible plot, a sharp script, expert direction, brilliant acting, and an awe-inspiriring score: let's not forget the editing! The roundup and the interrogation room scenes are a film editor's wet dream! And the last ten minutes of the movie was exhilerating! Especially that one shot of Kevin walking like a cripple and then walking normal! God, that was breathtaking!!!! This film won best original screenplay and best supporting actor for Kevin, but it deserved to win so much more!
5|10239|It was a better movie than I thought it would be. It is a chick and dude movie because of the girls and the sentiment.
5|11899|Another great comedy that I could watch over and over again and never get tired of it. Denise Richards at her best ! Highly recommended !
1|23462|Okay, I'm sorry to say this, but I hated this movie. ALL of the characters have exactly one facial expression - disturbed. Aside from that, this would have been a much better story if they had left the whole alien thing a mystery, but to actually bring them out and cut off their fingers... Well, they lost me there.
5|4165|This is the funniest of all Disney Movies, thanks in large part to Robin Williams. Definitely a movie that people should own.
5|15427|Julia Stiles and Sean Patrick Thomas were so amazing!!! It was one of the best movies I've seen!! I have to give Miss Stiles credit she always puts on such great performances- which is what makes her such a wonderful actress, and what makes this movie worth seeing over and over!
5|8987|I definatly enjoyed this movie. It was a hilarious carry movie. It had many well thought out jokes that mad the audiance laugh out load. I know that i would definatly see this again. Every person that I talked to that has seen this movie enjoyed it alot. Jim Carry plays a comic, but not Stupid, roll that makes you laugh. Jennifer Aniston also has a good roll and she helps carry the movie along. I think all true Carry fans would enjoy this one, and even if your not its a really good movie.
5|14739|This movie is great!! Julia Roberts gives her best performance. I agree she should be, at the least, be considered for an Oscar nomination. As for her dress code in this movie, I've heard from my friend that the true Erin said in Oprah that her actual dressing style is even more revealing than Robert's in the film. So, for those of you who feel offended with the sexy style, just know that the real Erin dressed even sexier than that. What's up with that, anyway? I've seen women dressed sexier than Robert in the film. Didn't you see Jennifer Lopez??
5|9441|I was surprised to see that Tootsie was so far down the list.Dustin Hoffman was great as an out of work actor who dresses up as a woman to audition for a part.{this was after his agent told him that no one would hire him.} He ends up getting a role on a daytime soap . being an actor who was known to be difficult, he was not much different being a woman. When he did not like the script for the show he would adlib and say it the way he thought his/her character would say it. Well the audience loved this take no guff character.and the temporary role got extended. Meanwhile he grows to really like an actress, on the show. He still has to parade as a woman so the results from all of this can be real funny, from the misunderstandings.He now back himself into a corner he must get out of. We found this movie enjoyable with a lot of laughs.
5|13056|I grew up mostly on the East coast and the midwest and this movie reminds me of my childhood. That is one of my reasons for loving it so much.
5|6772|One of the greatest, wittiest, and most absurd comedies ever. I've seen it I don't know how many times. Absolutely hysterical, and their peak in my view.
1|22754|I would like to say that this is an outstanding movie, true to the X-men fans of the last 30+ years. Unfortunately, my religious convictions don't allow me to lie. The story was sophomoric (freshmoric actually, but that isn't a word). The fight scenes were so poorly choreographed, I thought I was watching Superman (you know, the Christopher Reeves movie). The casting was excellent; too bad the actors didn't have anything with which to work. Hopefully this is simply the first issue intro into a better series. (Boy, am I glad I went to a matinee.)
5|21972|I absolutely loved this movie. Plot - mmm, not much. Basically Prince Humpardink is after Princess Buttercup ( great names ). And there is a lot of fantasy from there on. Like the ROUS ( rodents of unusual size ) etc. Acting??? - Decent but that is as far as you can go with that. However we do get to see 1 1/2 hours of Robin Wright Penn, and that makes it all worth it. ;-), actually this is a fantastic movie, definitely recommended.
5|5253|I have seen this movie so many times, I am quite sure I know the entire dialog by heart. It was one of those magical movies that was around before you were born, and just became part of your childhood. Watching this with my mother is one of my best memories of her.
5|19235|GREAT MOVIE THORNE SEE IT AGAIN? 
5|7444| It's just a game, Focker! are you kidding me? this was one hell of a funny movie. Who gives a rats ass about the story, it's not the freaking Godfather, you morons. It's a comedy, it's suppose to make you laugh and it sure as hell made me many times over. 
5|8777|A greatly enjoyable movie. Plenty of moments for those who love Adam Sandler, and a good romantic comedy story for those who don't care as much for Sandler's brand of humor. One of the more entertaining movies that I have seen in theaters in a long while.
5|6982|The smart humor combines with the crazy antics of Ferris Bueller will leave you laughing in your sleep. This is the kind of movie you will always remember watching and always want to watch it again. I don't think I came across one person who said they didn't find this movie at least amusing. It kind of makes you want to cut school and take your best friend's dad's car out and sing in a parade.
5|1035|I gave this a 5 because this movie was ahead of its time. It was the first badass, hostage dituation where the bad guys are being chased by the good guy. All three Die Hard movies are awesome, but the original has the best storyline.
5|14077|W P Kinsella is an American treasure and this movie may actually be as good as his book (titled Shoeless Joe). Costner and the always-excellent James Earl Jones shine like angels. If you like baseball movies, and I love them, this is a great film. If you don't like baseball moves, but like films about characters who persevere and follow their dreams, this is still a great film.
5|1753|one of the most brilliant movies I have ever seen!!!
5|19553|The birth of a baby in a post apocalyptic society brings about disturbing images. Forced to take care of a child he doesn't want and is repulsed by, the father loses his sanity, or what was left of it. It is disturbing and blows your mind. The baby dies and you can't tell if that's the worst thing.
5|5535|I made a huge ,istake and saw the remake first. I thought that it was so terrible that I didn't even want to see this one, but when I did watch it, I was surprised at how superior it is. It is very creepy and scary, without all of the blood-splatter of recent horror films. This is probably the 3rd scarriest movie I've ever seen.
1|24457|Why? WHY?
5|5521|Back in 1959, no one could believe that Alfred Hitchcock was going to shoot a movie for a mere $800,000 in just 30 days using the crew from his TV series, Alfred Hitchcock Presents. Moreover, they couldn't understand why he was adapting a pulp novel by Robert Bloch inspired by the gruesome career of the Wisconsin serial killer, Ed Gein. The reaction must have been much like the bewilderment at news that Gus Van Sant intended to direct a shot-for-shot remake of this very masterpiece. Everyone must be familiar by now with the events at the Bates Motel. Indeed, folks tend to overlook the biggest and most glorious macguffins of Hitchcock's career - the life and crime of Marion Crane (Leigh). Her illicit hotel rendezous with marriage-shy lover Sam Loomis (John Gavin), the theft of $40,000 and the tortuous drive to the outskirts of Fairvale take up a goodly portion of the picture. Indeed, it seems like business as usual for the Master Of Suspense, until Marion takes a shower . . . With Psycho, his blackest, most cynical and most manipulative feature, Hitchcock introduced the American Nightmare strain into the genre. He also revived the fast-fading art of montage with the now legendary shower sequence. To the accompaniment of Bernard Hermann's shrieking strings, Hitch (and visual consultant Saul Bass) packed 87 cross-cuts into a frenzied 45 seconds to create the most perfectly timed visual shock since the Odessa Steps massacre in Battleship Potemkin. Throw in some fluid camera movements, the odd technical flourish, superb performances (notably from Leigh and the remarkable Perkins), the occasional heart-stopping jolt and a trick ending (the rarely seen Norman/Mother superimposition) and you have a timeless classic - which needed a remake as much as does Citizen Kane. Summary: A FRIGHTENING CHILLER, ONE OF THE GREATEST OF ALL THRILLERS. 
5|6028|One of the most shocking moments I have ever seen on film is definately the cowboy riding the bomb. That was incredibly powerful, yet also terrifying. Still, I cannot reccomend this film enough. Peter Sellers is ABSOLUTELY BRILLIANT AND MARVELOUS in it, as is Sterling Hayden (surprise, surprise, recognise him from The Godfather?), and George C. Scott. Kubrick pulled off ANOTHER masterstroke, the real greatness of his films began with Dr Strangelove, and went on to 2001: A Space Oddysey, A Clockwork Orange, and Full Metal Jacket. This film is hilarious, dark, and even terrifying at times. Peter Sellers, wow, he was absolutely amazing and mesmerizing in his 3 roles, I say: GET THIS OUT. Summary: ONE OF THE FUNNIEST AND GREATEST FILMS EVER MADE. 
5|7336|Funniest office movie ever.
5|12412|The funniest of the rash of Owen Wilson/Vince Vaughn moves that have come out in recent years. I highly recommend it.
5|8005|This is one of the funniest movies ever made but it has to be seen uncut. The plot is two guys join the army thinking its their best bet for the future. They are not you typical soldiers and piss of the DI right off their military service takes some very funny twists to the point that they end up in a very well armored RV. Harold Ramis and Bill Murray are great.
1|2907|I don't have much to say about The Perfect Storm because I watched it for 30 minutes and then fell sound asleep. I just couldn't get into it. The characters were forgettable, and it took too long for the action to kick in. Most of the movie was shot in shadows or in the dark, which probably contributed to my sleepiness. My husband watched the whole thing, though, and he said he enjoyed it. I'll take his word for it- there's no way I'd try watching it again!
5|1021|So adrenalizing yet so humorous. It sure is at the top of my list for action films.
5|21966|My family and I have seen this movie many times. I have read the book as well. A movie like this would never be made today. It is too good. It is too far from being just a formula. Sure there's true love, but there's also a Jewish miracle man who gets into a fight with is wife. This movie is absolutely wonderful.
1|12683|I just saw an advance screening of this in Toronto, and I have to say it is without a doubt one of the most ridiculous movies I have ever seen. While I enjoyed XXX and found the Fast and the Furious moderately entertaining for a rental, I have to say that Rob Cohen has just proved himself as having one of the worst eyes for detail in the world... that or he simply does not have any other skill except pointing the camera and shooting. The first 15 minutes of the film shows good promise. It starts off with a bang and gives you some of the coolest fighter jet action ever. And in terms of the jet sequences, they are certainly some of the best I have ever seen. But that is the only saving grace of this film. If all you care about are the fighter sequences, you will probably enjoy this. But, if you have any brain for real military situations, science or even common sense, you will find this film to be about the stupidest piece of tripe you have every laid your eyes on. To give one example, at one point a pilot has to bail out of a plane (this is shown in the commercials). Any person with a brain would know that if a pilot bailed out, in a few seconds that pilot's plane would be nearly a mile away. However, this pilot ejects downwards and a few seconds later the plane blows up raining fiery debris over the pilot. Any person with a basic understanding of science would know that the heavy, metallic debris from the plane would be traveling faster in its original direction than the falling pilot, and since the plane did not blow up instantly, it would not be directly above the pilot. However, the debris falls in a straight line down onto the pilot. Another example is the fact that there are so many minor plot threads that have absolutely no importance to the overall story. It is like the writer needed to fill space instead of developing the original story and decided to just throw in a bunch of unrelated, undeveloped scenes. Instead of developing the main story (which was interesting enough) we get a bunch of little threads that never add up to a very interesting whole. These are just two examples of how badly thought out the script was. The list is actually endless and my friend and I spent the second half of the film just carving it up. Jamie Foxx is going to be thanking the Maker that he won the Oscar before this film was released. At least he can still ride on that success. However, there is not much for anybody else involved in this film to walk away with. Don't waste your money. If you want to see it, rent it. But there are much better films to spend money on. I'm glad I didn't spend a cent. 
5|2528|Quite possibly the best Cult movie ever. No offense to Rocky Horror but come on. Let's be honest here.
1|8594|DUH! It gets two stars for the wisdom of using Candice Bergen and loses one of them for wasting her.
1|22998|I hate to see how people praise this movie. Personally I think it's crap. Despite that it is Kubric's I don't see any reason for it to exist at all...
5|4159|This movie was excellent.Better than "Mulan".Robin Williams ROCKS!!!And all of the other characters are outstanding!!!Even Iago when he was on Jafar's side!!!I also loved the music!!!
5|12449|In gruesome perfection, 'Hostel' gives a taste of hell, an exhibition of depravity so deep that man actually pays to sin in the most desperately wicked ways, and Satan laughs at making man his "b*tch." Three guys go into a hostel...likeable enough, only flirting with sin really, on a trip, just trying to be happy. But one by one they end up victims of a pay-to-torture sadism club, $25,000 for an American. Near flawless story, characters, acting, directing, set, music, production. Even an empathetic protagonist and a denouement, but if your resolution must be happy happy, save your $. 'Hostel' fleshes out and inspires responses to evil--despair, energization, or numbness. This movie is filled with nudity, drugs, and extreme gore, but it's not glorified, and so I recommend 'Hostel' for exposing man's sinsickness and hope that viewers might seek the Cure. (Last week's news here in Florida showed how this sadistic tendency is more and more out now, not restricted to government torture or internet sites: one man was arrested for double murder after spending money for bus, taxi, and hotel to go manhunting in a park just because he said he felt like killing, and another 2 guys were arrested for murder after videotaped beating homeless men smiling through it all.) 
1|10971|Whatever happened to the hilarious comedianne whom brought us comedies such as The Distinguished Gentleman and The Nutty Professor? He now does terrible, mindless comedies such as I Spy, The Adventures Of Pluto Nash...and now Daddy Day Care . This film is putrid and disgusting. The only merit here is a fun performance by Anjelica Huston as the rival day-care owner. Otherwise, stay away. It's like watching a bad remake of Kindergarten Cop.
5|6073|Definitely the best musical ever made! Natalie Wood is amazing!
5|14038|although i rate this as a great movie, i could never figure out why saleri hated mozart so much...time and again, the 'reason' is shown in the film, but saleri, although jealous, idolized mozart. a scene in particular is when mozarts wife, constanze, takes originals to saleri for his 'approval' to bring mozart into the royal court, as they are becoming penniless...he says the music is 'miracleous', but drops the originals on the floor and steps upon them as he walks out, refusing to give mozart any sort of consideration, although throughout the entire movie, he constantly claims devotion to him...anyway, a great movie!
5|18602|I really like this movie. I'd watch it a thousand times...The Evil Dead didn't go with the cute jokes and conventional thought for most horror movies. This movie had one thing on its agenda: for people to die. And, die they did. The special effects, while so obviously so, are just gross-looking enough to make you want to gag anyway (and very few things make me want to gag anymore, considering the number of horror movies I've seen). The start of it was great. I didn't think the trees would actually possess her...I thought they'd just raped her (and I thought that was unneccessary, too...). The scene with Ashley attempting to dismember his dead girlfriend was pretty cool. Sam Raimi did a great job on this. Hm. And I'm actually a little put-off by the people who felt they had to leave giant paragraphs of practically nothing more than them referring to themselves in the third person. It makes them sound like deluded egomaniacs.
5|16149|Ed Harris deserver the best Actor trophy at the oscars for his masterful work in the film Pollock . The movie was engrosing and very well made.
5|11626|even tho its not out yet that movie lookz so funny.. ima go see it!!!
5|10538|Good Christmas movie about having a kid at home being robbed and he gives the robbers a time of their life.
5|17257|Even at 3 hours long,this celebrated adventure,in which the eponymous warriors defend a village from bandits,is probably the perfect introduction to foreign language films;the characters superbly drawn and acted(Mifune and Shimura outstanding),the pacing masterly,the story itself never less than fully involving,the editing and choreography in the extended final battle scenes superlative.There's even a touch of romantic lyricism thrown in for good measure.For once critics and public are united in their admiration- for Kurosawa's all-time top 10 masterpiece.
5|18164|Kept you on the edge. Didn't know what was going to happen. Surprise element. Classic. Great characters which I got into. Mia Farrow as victim.
5|2573|Loved this movie. No reviews or people or anything can change my ming. Jackie and Owen made a GREAT team. Jackie with his great moves and own stunts (no stuntdouble) and Owen talking his way through everything. Owen is also really hot.
5|6715|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen, also one of the most unusual ones. Robert Young and Dorothy McGuire star in it and I won't even try to review it because I would have to give away the secret that makes this movie so special. Sometime when you have a lazy day, rent this one. It is well worth the time.
5|8738| American Pie was a brilliantly hilarious movie. It comedically portrays what we all went through in high school.
5|13025|This is one of the greatest films EVER MADE. Such raw brilliance, such magnificent acting, wonderful story, script, direction from Coppola, this IS the movie to watch. And they did it again with The Godfather Part II! Anybody who gave this anything other than 5 stars (maybe 4 stars is OK), cannot call themselves fans of movies. The music is the best I've ever heard in a movie. Wow! WOW! This film is so damn good! Al Pacino's Michael Corleone and Marlon Brando's Vito Corleone performances are the stuff of legends. Robert Duvall, James Caan and Diane Keaton are brilliant as well. See this movie. Don't walk...but RUN down to the video store. I cannot recommend it enough. Summary: ONE OF THE TOP 5 GREATEST MOVIES EVER MADE. 
1|18487|The Shape just absolutely cannot stand this flick, and he really doesn't have a nice long explanation as to why either. He just thinks it's the suckiest sucky movie that ever sucked.
5|14992|Jamie Foxx's finest hour. He deserves an Oscar nomination and an Oscar.
5|21929|I think if you see this and Cameron as great BECAUSE they introduced Edward Furlong is plain ridiculous and sad. T2:Judgement Day should be respected (especially the Ultimate Edition DVD) for visual effects galore. They revolutionized the industry more than you people realize!! Think back to movies of old, including the '70s flicks (Star Wars, Aliens) and looks at those effects compared to the T-1000's medamorphesis to a man in a cop uniform. Then, you have to look at the fact that The Matrix effects were somewhat made the same. But, those aren't the only great things I admired about T2, it was every little joke made by Arnold, George Thoroughgood's Bad to the Bone which is like the best song attachment to any movie, and the way Cameron causes to emotionally attach and love the terminator, the end was enough to make every break down crying. Good acting, unrateable visual effects--they're that good! Definitely buy the Ultimate Edition DVD of this sci-fi masterpiece. 
5|2567|A great comedy of old western times. I love what if movies, especially if they have historical background. Jackie Chan was great, but his sidekick lacked good emotional usage of his face and body. Again, good looking girls helped the quality of the movie.
5|18170|i will always love this version the best it was so bloody for its time
5|17525|Another instance when I wish 4 and a half stars were an option. Four is just too low so I give it five. Excellent, excellent film. Why aren't more American movies this good?
5|21097|One of my very favorite musicals because of the great stars: Fred Astaire, Nanette Fabray, Cyd Charisse, etc. Excellent performances, singing, dancing, acting. Love it!
5|15332|An excellent drama about the notorious female serial killer Aileen Wuonos. Charlize Theron did an excellent jon as the evil female serial killer and Christina Ricci did another excellent job as Wuonos's lesbian lover. Wuonos killed seven men in Florida in 1990 and she rightfully got the death penalty. She was executed in 2002.
5|23858|This movie proved to be an excellent and unique film. It will keep you at the edge of seat the whole time always wondering what if this and what if that. Very disturbing film, but also very realistic due to the fact that there are people really that screwed up from things. Great movie
5|13743|I love this movie. . .almost made me cry. . .I'm a sap. . .
5|6067|Great music, great themes, and a young Natalie Wood. Can't go wrong.
1|21560|What a waste of time. I've never seen so many weird people in one movie theatre at once.
5|5546|Hitchcock was master of presenting the most important scenes and allowing the viewer to form their own opinions. As he did not have to show the murder, all he had to show was the shadows. And by doing this he actually made the scene scarier. There are somethings that will forever remain classics, and Hitchcock's Psycho is one of them.
5|4658|A classic story of friendship, loyalty and love. I loved it as a kid...so does my own son.
5|3137|This movie was really good. I really felt like I was in the movie. It was well made and the acting was oustanding.
5|23870|Very very scary and fun movie.
5|12475|Wonderously delicious! Something for everyone. Kids will love the visuals and the fantasy-like storytelling. Adults will love the cultural in-jokes, dark humor and Johnny Depp's hilarious deadpan delivery. I adore the Oompa Loompas (all played by the same actor) and how they pop up in different settings and costumes throughout. Their musical numbers are funny and over-the-top, especially the Esther-Williams takeoff and the heavy metal band. Freddie Highmore is a perfect choice to play Charlie Bucket, full of wide-eyed innocence and grace, a perfect foil for the charicatured kids that embody a variety of social and moral ills. Director Tim Burton is a master of creepy/cartoony scenery and this film is one of his best ever. 
5|1720|This movie was one of the best war movies ever made. I dont know what people are talking about having no story line or not feeling the character . This movie is not a happy happy joy joy movie, its a movie about real men who went into the middle of a warzone and died for somthing they thought was right. If you want happy happy movies stick to your Disney movies.
1|17944|Could be the most overrated movie of all time. That whold climactic scene is retarted. That's a fact.
5|1046|Alright, the Norwegian accents are way over the top, but this is still destined for cult status.
5|6729|There is a thin line between art and crap. When it comes to movies especially, which side of that line something falls on is largely a matter of individual perception. One person's trash is another's treasure, as must be obvious to anyone who scans the wide range of reviews and comments available on this site. Any given movie provokes a wide range of opinion. The experience of watching a film is one of the most subjective things I can think of. I see that the others who have critiqued this particular film before me enjoyed it and to their high ratings I must add my own 5 stars. I really enjoy this movie! It balances right on the crap/art line, without ever slipping too far to either side. It is wildly improbable, has plot holes galore, and yet manages to be genuinely atmospheric throughout and outright scary at times. I am referring specifically here to the 1958 version of this film. The 1999 remake is a horse of a different color...a very VERY bad film--no offense intended to those who might have enjoyed it. This is only my opinion. Remember what I said about subjectivity.--which has nothing to do with this one. The plot is basic: Eccentric millionaire Frederick Loren (Vincent Price) offers a diverse group of people with bizzare 1950's film names like Lance Schroeder (Richard Long) and Watson Pritchard (Elisha Cooke Jr.)--bet you can tell which one is the macho-type hero, can't you?--a million dollars apiece if they will spend the night in a haunted mansion. Of course, they all get locked in, with no way out until the solid steel doors and heavily barred windows are unlocked by the returning caretakers in the morning. Loren and his wife Annabelle (Carol Ohmart) are not on the best of terms, and when she is found after midnight hanging by her neck... The movie offers all the conventions you would expect: Loud thunderstorms, creaking doors, floating apparitions and severed heads, and it uses them effectively. The mansion itself is creepy as hell, and the black and white photography is used to good advantage here. Particularly eerie is the tour of the house the gathering is given by Pritchard, a weasely little alcoholic who is a relative of the mansion's owners. He is a firm believer in the evil spirits who supposedly haunt the house, and as he describes each murder that has taken place there, it is hard to doubt him. This movie has the distinction of being one of the first which really established Vincent Price solidly as a horror star . He had done a few things more or less within the genre prior to it, but it was this film and it's follow-up The Tingler (1959), both directed by William Castle (Arguably one of the most inventive people to emerge in the field of horror film, certainly one of the most commercial.)which set him on the career path he would follow for roughly the next 32 years. If you like this movie, you'll probably want to check out some or all of Castle's other films, too. Each is enjoyable in it's own way, and if you are into this kind of movie, you won't come away from any of them disappointed. But seek out the originals...beware the remakes, two so far: House On Haunted Hill (1999) and Thirteen Ghosts (2001). Whatever their perceived strengths or weaknesses, they are not true to the originals. Macabre House on Haunted Hill (1958) The Tingler Thirteen Ghosts (1960) Mr. Sardonicus Homicidal Straitjacket I Saw What You Did Rosemary's Baby (Producer only) Shanks Bug 
1|20130|I didn't like this movie because of the bluriness of the camera that hurt my eyes when I watched it on the big screen. It gave me a headache. I asked for a return on that movie.
5|12313|This was an excellent movie. Okay, Travolta calls up the same corny southern accent he used in Primary Colors. But it's refreshing to watch a film that assumes that you're literate, and promotes learning as a virtue. The colors and the emotions of the cinematography is overwhelming. Later, when Katrina hit, I found myself wondering what happened to that house. Great performances by all.
5|8704|This is a really funny movie, I really liked it. It's not afraid to take it to the limits and that is one of the things which make it so funny.
5|19246|Unrated version. Custard scene. What else is there?
5|18158|One of the greatest horror films I have ever seen. It relys solely on what you don't see, which I love, not gore and eye candy. Rosemary's Baby is the story of a young newly wed woman named...YOU GUESSED IT!...Rosemary. Now, she seems to be living the good life with her actor hausband at first, but before long some elderly neighbors start pushing themselves into the married couples lives. But these neighbors and their friends aren't just annoying, they have a deadly secret. One that Rosemary's husband as well as Rosemary are become intricate peices. So is their unborn child! Suspence,suspicion and chills along with beautiful filmmaking, wonderful acting and great story telling holds this very creepy and goosebump inducing movie work so well. I hold this movie up in the stratosphere with the other two greats in the satanic trilogy. The Exorcist,The Omen and...Rosemary's Baby. A ride in pure suspence and horror. HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! A Great Film!
1|9821|THIS MOVIE ISN'T FUNNY, not a bad movie for the period, NOT FUNNY THOUGH!
5|21915|I would have never thought that it was possible for a movie to make you have such strong feelings of compassion for a machine. The special effects were terrific, even by today's standards. The acting was just as great. This movie stands the test of time. One of the few sequels that is better than the original.
5|14776|Very powerful. A little too hyped up - I don't think it was quite one of those movies that has to be made(like Schindler's List), but great nonetheless.
5|1052|Probably more of a dark comedy than an action thriller - one of my favorites...
5|7423|Yes! This was a witty, hilarious movie that really does the right thing. ABSOLUTELY NOT TO BE MISSED! Stiller and DeNiro give great performances and it's damn original. Rent it now, you won't regret it. GREAT! Summary: AN UNMISSABLE, HILARIOUS, ORIGINAL MOVIE. 
5|15468|A wonderful film with unforgettable performances by Susan Sarandon and Sean Penn. She definitely deserved her Academy Award for this characterization of the nun who is compelled to feel the anguish of victims and perpetrators alike. Demonstrates that the gray area between right and wrong is large. And I think it makes a compelling case for compassion toward all.
5|23864|This movie may not have been that scary , but it rocked!! , All the true fans should give this movie a 5 !!
5|7345|If you've ever worked in an office, this movie will really hit home. It's hilarious; a classic.
5|1734|An intriguing plot and very, very cleverly done. Guy Pearce really has shown time and time again that he is a very good actor since leaving 'Neighbours' back in the early 90's. It interweaves cutting back and forward in time and from different characters perspectives perfectly and makes an intense viewing.
5|5552|Ok I am going to give it a 5 for old times sake for two reasons. The counterpoint of the Marseilles with Die Wacht am Rhein and Ingrid Bergman. The film is showing its age, and the 1940's flashback device is annoying.
5|11168|This movie was really funny it was better then the first and the second.
5|523|Goodfellas is one of my favorites because of Joe Pesci. His character along with all of the characters drew me into the plot. Mofia movies have always intruiged me. This movie did because of that.
5|13794|This was a superb movie. The chemistry of the cast just added to the excellence of the film.I would highly recommend it. The character study alone is worth the price of the movie.
5|9383|Was a great treat in the theater.
1|4450|Horrible remake of a kids cartoon that needed no such treatment. It expanded the 'Grinch' universe. It just speaks to the arrogance of Hollywood. The notion that they could do something like this is appaulling That did not need doing either. Jim Carrey plays him ok, but not what it should have been. They should learn from their mistakes and not do things like this. Twenty-two minutes is just right for the Dr. Seuss classic.
5|22549|Eventhough this film is based on a comic book, this movie was outstanding. It captured the story of the comic book well and it also captured my (as well as my friends) eyes. It is suitable for almost all ages, which is a plus.
1|17763|This has to be the worst horror movie I've ever seen! I wasn't scared once, I didn't care about any of the characters and the killer was laughable. I was just sitting there thinking: Is this it? Is this considered to be one of the greatest ever? When nothing NOTHING interesting ever happened. Nope I'd rather watch The Dentist 2 again.
1|19996|This movie was terrible! If you haven't seen this movie yet dont bother. You will fall asleep during it.
5|15483|I just saw this movie a few nights ago- and all I can say is WOW. What a film! It is probably one of the most accurate historical dramas of our time. Definately up at the top of the list of the movies of the last few years. Two things bugged me about this film- the role of Ken O'Donnell was sorely misrepresented as he did not have nearly as much of a role in the crisis. The other was Kevin Costner's ridiculous attempt at a Boston accent. Other than that- this really proved to be an entertaining film with supurb acting, even by Kevin Costner. The actor who played John Kennedy, Bruce Greenwood was astounding- he had Kennedy's accent down pact. Overall, I would recommend this to even people who are not too fond of Kennedy as it does not portray him as some kind of a God, even mentioning his attempts at assassinating Castro during his term in office. Bruce Greenwood did a great job of communicating the President's struggles with the audience. Definately a film to see!
5|8923|When you read the plot and read what the movie is about, it sounds completely stupid. But if your patient enough and give it a chance, you'll find out that it is a very funny movie. Sigourney Weaver is extremely beautiful in this movie ( which is probably the reason I really liked the movie). Tim Allen's acting was well done.
5|23131|David Bowie is one hell of a sexy man. i love the Labyrinth
5|3876|One of the best children's movies of all time. A Certifiable classic. Disney should be proud. The Problem is they stole this movie from a Japanese release from years earlier.
5|17294|Life is Beautiful is a very well done film and deals with the very difficult topic of Hitler's genocide attempt upon the Jews. It was made with wisdom. It portrayed believable characters and effectively showed the love of a father for his son. I am amazed at how well this was done with the juxtapostition of being humorous in the darkest of situations. A great movie that touches the heart!
5|245|I really never make it a habit to watch period movies, but since Mel Gibson was in it I decided to watch. The action was great, the blood, the battles, the storyline. The whole movie was a winner.
5|21726|It is a great movie on it's own, but it is the climax of maybe the best trilogy put on film. Great, Great Movie. Very Deserving of the Best Picture award.
5|17280|Kurosawa's adaptation of King Lear is a beautiful, if a trifle long, work of art. I wouldn't put it at the peak of his craft, but it is excellent work.
5|251|Good action, good drama, and great special effects.
1|8518|Quite possibly the worst movie I've ever seen. Kevin Smith must have sold his soul to the devil to have a career. What a hack.
5|15497|First thing is first. If u scroll down. hpulba had written a comment saying this movie was underrated. This movie is the highest-selling movie in the US and the world, and won 11 Academy Awards, more than any other movie. So what the hell were you talking about? Second, Robin Hood if you are going to bash a movie by saying dumb dumb and dumber, make sure you spell dumber correctly. This movie was a great movie, acting was kinda shady, but a great movie overall.
5|13780|Definately worth the three hours... sparking every emotion within a person. Cast is awesome, acting is great and storyline is excellent. Three months later we still talk about John Coffee.
5|13958|Another brilliant film from the '70s. DeNiro and Scorsese team up for the second time and have created a masterpiece on the subject of loneliness and despair. Foster is superb as the 14 yr old hooker that DeNiro saves as part of his redemption.
5|1913|John Travolta played a good part in Face/Off. Hands down this gets a 5.
1|17011|I left the theatre feeling crappy. Purposeless violence.
5|11197|Eddie Murphy is still great. Great impersonator. Great makeup. Makes me laugh just with ad lib. All about the dialogue.
5|21054|i am a huge doors fan and i could not believe how much val kilmer looked like jim morrison in this movie i am just glad they picked somebody who wasn't going to lip sync
5|537|One of the best from the 90's. Liota and Deniro are great. I have rarely seen a soundtrack compliment a movie this well.
5|16820|Even if you find nudity to be offensive you'd still have to admire this man's struggle for his right to express himself. Even if you hate Hustler or Larry Flynt you'd have to admit that he has a point with his sex vs. war speech and how unfair it was to single him and his little magazine out when others like Playboy and Penthouse were perfectly legal.
5|13970|Matt Damon and Ben Affleck at their best! This is one of the great movies of the late 90's.
5|7392|This film is HILARIOUS!
1|14530|REALLY, REALLLY BORING MOVIE!!! DON'T GO SEE IT!!!
1|12141|Perhaps one of the stupidest movies I have ever seen.
5|11801|Most of these pieces were brilliant and hilarious, although I started to feel wired just watching the characters down the coffee!
5|279|The Wallace version of events, of course, which I was first exposed to at Glasgow Univ. However, wonderfully done, Mr. Gibson did a fantastic believable job.
5|19285|I actually saw this movie twice -- once alone, then later with a friend. Both times I was held in suspense and utterly amazed at the cleverness of the film in general. The cast works well together and the end is a great surprise!
5|6932|Hilarious!
5|22213|This movie rocks!!! Couldn't have asked for a more thought out movie-ever!! From the plot, to the dialouge all tied together with the special effects.
1|5014|Looney tunes has been around for at least 50 years. Isn't it time to retire?
1|3471|Worst movie I've ever seen. Totally guy stupid. Unrealistic fighting!!! Terrible is an understatement.
5|1091|This is my all-time favorite movie.
1|19766|Almost as funny as Final Destination. This is one of those movies that make you think Don't people bleed after getting stabbed? . If you're one of those people that think this was a worthless piece of crap. Than i'm proud to say that you're smarter than the jack ass that made the movie .
5|11815|I thought this movie was very very good, it was hilarious. Frankie Muniz and Mandy Moore did the voice of two bear cubs. Eddie Murphy did a great job and the movie had a little surprise that you have to think about for a minute before it registers what happened, if you go and see it I think you will know what I'm talking about.
5|2598|Graphics look realistic. Realistic images of life. The storyline is good and interesting.
1|891|This was a really sorry movie. Huh? What's the point? A total waste of my time. I thought the movie was going to be scary, but it wasn't. The Blair Witch was a lot better.
5|21068|Incredible documentary. My one complaint is that they film Hendrix from chest up. You don't get to see him play.
1|12155|This movie was absolutely terrible. Whatever you do, don't waste your money on this junk!!
5|22561|Batman was the bomb when I was little. How they made the whole movie was great. I think that Batman is a movie that will never die.
5|13964|Illustrates how the anonymity of the city coupled with its sweetness can drive a person into feeling deep isolation. Taxi Driver points out a growing trend in society- people's need to be noticed. All people need to feel significant, however, some do it positively and some do it negatively. With a twist of irony, the end of Taxi Driver makes it clear that society is very distorted. They make this deranged taxi driver a hero, without knowing who he really is. We must be careful in choosing who to glorify.
5|7386|My favorite comedy. Almost non-stop laughs, and a nice mixture of sophisticated humor and slapstick. Hope the sequel lives up to the original.
5|7609|I didn't see this until the dvd came out. I wish I had seen it in the theatre because it is one of my all time favorites. A lot of people didn't get the humor, but I did, and I laughed out loud on quite a few occasions. Some people have to have their comedies hit them in the face like a sledgehammer in order to get them, but this one doesn't do that, and that's what I like about it.
1|3698|Very bad.
5|6517|This was an amazing picture which show not only charlie's diversity but his great perfection and comedy skills
5|13233|I am willing to bet that many people have never heard of autism before, and I give this movie credit for bringing it to the public's attention. The film is an excelent way of showing that a mental disability does not necessarily mean low intelegence. Plus, I loved watching Tom Cruise freak out constantly in this film; provided real comic relief from the drama.
5|9624|Hey irishgit, get a sense of humor! This movie is an all time classic that keeps you laughing the entire time. A must have DVD when you're feeling blue.
1|3840|Awful acting, terrible scene writing, weak script, and to top it off, a snake that looked like something I'd find in my garbage disposal. Awful movie.
5|1278|All around great who-done-it type of movie. It was not your regular style of gangster movie. Great actors throughout the movie: Bruce, John, Uma and Samuel. You have to watch it more than once. It keeps you going.
1|8915|I do not like any movie or show that focus' on gays God did not create Adam Steve He created Adam Eve. (A Male Female)
5|4300|This is DEFINITELY the best Disney movie ever.
5|4466|The movie brought out the kid in me. I found myself cheering in the theater like a child again. I liked the feeling it gave me, and I wouldn't mind seeing it again. Jim Carrey was hilarious.
5|5778|This is a classic that won't disappoint you. Top 15 for sure.
5|2017|The movie is about a husband who had an affair without his wife knowing and then killed the girl. The movie has a good plot that is both scary and exciting.
5|17733|this movie is great! definately a classic! if you are a true horror fan, then you would agree with me that this movie is the greatest horror ever made.
5|12893|I can't listen to the same song twice in a row without getting a headache but I can watch this movie Over and Over and Over.
5|6271|Patty Duke and Anne Bancroft gave incredible performances as they portrayed Helen Keller's life story.
5|22950|Stanley Kubrick's greatest film about Beethoven, rape, and milk cookies bars. The most disturbing images I have ever seen on the screen; along with the Shining 2001, this is a must see for any film enthusiast.
5|13555|Justly deserved to win the acadamy awards. An incredible mix of plot, drama, humor and great acting.
5|12887|An excellent and inspirational story. My favorite actor, Morgan Freeman, stars in this film. It's one of the few that I can watch more than once
5|22944|Very much like the book, and a very classic movie. Though lacking the last chapter (which they took out of the American version of the book), it is still a very good movie.
5|6265|By far, this is one of the best screwball comedies ever made. Grant and Hepburn are priceless, and the snappy dialoge is wonderful. Fabulous, fabulous film.
5|9156|If you ever see one movie (which I hope never happens to you) see BJM. It has to be the smartest and funniest movie ever. And the only movie to ever use all the letters from A-O in its title.
5|13541|One of the most hilarious movies I've ever seen! Poigant and powerful in a way that affects us all. A true beauty. 
5|15130|A very well crafted and very enjoyable movie. Unlike a lot of surprise ending movies, this does not lose its appeal on repeat viewings.
5|11356|i luved the movie.it was a bit like princesses dairies but more touching and balivable even i cried and im not the type who cries in movie .i loved the ending it was real touching.i suggest you all see it.it just reminds you that whereever you go youll still be yourself
5|10048|it funny and sweet, and all round good movie 
5|17727|The atmosphere and the music is so inspiring. With the brilliant acting the one that started the whole slasher genre and terrifying music.
5|17041|My partner and I are huge fans of Kevin Spacey and decided to rent this out one night - and I'm really happy that we did. An interesting take on capital punishment and the little tasters and twists that are dished out throughout the film are brilliant. Full of suspense and brilliant acting by Kevin Spacey and Kate Winslet.
5|20835|AWESOME!!!!!
5|6503|Truly entertaining. A real laugh and yet tugs at your heart. The leads are well played by an interesting mix of those who are past there acting prime (Cagney), those who are in its midst (Fonda), and those who have yet to reach there peak (Lemmon). Well done.
5|9630|This belongs in the top 20. American Pie is above this? Give me a break! This is Jim Carrey's funniest movie, and I've seen it 100 times and I still laugh every time. I'll never forget when the cop drinks Jim Carrey's beer . Absolutely hilarious. You wanna hear the most annoying sound in the world? AAAAAHHHHH.
5|13227|A wonderful movie. A selfish young man finds out he has an older brother after his dad dies. His brother Raymond is autistic and lives in an institution. Rayamond has inherited all the money.Charlie kidnaps his brother in hopes of getting his cut of the money. they go for a 2000 ride to California. Raymond turns out to have savant capabilities in memory and counting.he uses his brother to get some money in Vegas. the good side of this movie is Charlie learns that Raymond cannot change.So Charlie has to change for his brother and do what is best for him.this movie is funny, sad, and heartwarming.Dustin Hoffman did an excellent job playing RAymond the autistic man. I have a relative with autism, I feel they handeld this movie dealing with autism with fairness without making fun of those with autism.
5|14548|Well, let's just say I was surprised. Hanks and Zemekis and a great film.
5|17069|Another misunderstood Kubrick film that will soon be considered a masterwork. The same thing happened to 2001, A Clockwork Orange, Barry Lyndon and The Shining--those viewers who didn't get it, watch it again. It took me two viewings to understand what this film is saying. Kubrick simply was unable to make a bad or dull film. 
5|5022|We loved Spy Kids! It was funny, fast-paced, and full of creative gadgetry. In our group were people aged 4, 6, 35, and 62, and we all loved it.
5|12111|I seen this movie when i was about 12 years old. Funny movie! Even more funnier today since i am older and understand it more. Probably the only movie i like to watch with Howie Mandel or Ted Danson. I was amased how young Dennis Franz looks. People who like the movie Dumb and Dumberer probably would like this movie. Some of the movies that are considered bad are the funniest movies. It is a movie you got to relax and watch.
1|20332|The first two movies ruled but then the third one crapped on them. How could the son of a jackel be taken down by some dizzy girl with a letter opener.
5|9618|This should be way higher. Definitely a guy movie.
1|16680|I've always been told by my girlfriends how great this film is. After I watched it I decided that the only reason why they had come to that conclusion was because Brad Pitt was in it. A great cast, but a very slow, boring script and plot which lacked any depth of character and resulted in wooden, shallow performances from everyone.
1|18875|How can a horor movie with John Ritter (no offense) be good?
5|1244|yaaaaay. pure entertainment
5|14560|It puzzle me to think how people could have not liked this movie. It was so well planned out and directed that this movie is clearly Oscar Wworthy. Also to mention Tom Hanks perhaps did one of his best works ever. One point that I disagree with people is that the beach scene dragged too long. I disagree because The audience needed to see exactly what it was like to be stranded on an island, fending for yourself 
5|13569|Excellent movie - it offered some interesting insight into suburban culture - often we only see what they want us to see - this movie showed what could happen if people looked deeper.
5|8260|The Cohen brother masterpiece.
5|16411|I liked this movie...AND...the the Indian witchdoctor could not have been acting!
5|906|You have to look at the overall effect of this movie on American culture. People would not go in the water when this movie came out. They were that scared! Great movie, great characters, a first class effort by Spielberg.
5|5744|Some joker suggests Wesley Snipes was in this movie. Duh? Actually, this is classic Hitchcock, although, the last scene was edited out which explains why the birds acted the way they did. You have to read the book to get the answer, but it is a good read also. Tippi Hedren is hot, just my type! Rod Taylor, a very good actor (Hotel), does his thing well also. The suspense builds and the playground scene when the birds are gathering and the kids are in the schoolroom singing 'Wissletee, wassletee' oblivious or the danger is a perfect example of the medium Hitchcock excelled in. It is a dark movie. Someone suggested it should have been done in black and white..well it was, I have it. You must have seen the Ted Turner colorized version.
5|1536|I find it interesting that the only people who have commented negatively are a: linguistically challenged, and b: desire more action. Next time rent a playstation game folks. This is one of the top ten movies of the last ten years, and a brilliant adaptation of a complex novel. I think a good case can be made to put this movie in the top hundred all time, maybe top fifty. There are no flaws here. 
5|14212|WOW.... My favorite movie. The plot line, actors, and the directing were fabulous. This movie was a psychological thriller without any major actions scenes. It made me evaluate what/how I see things. I would defintley recommend this movie to an older audience (not young teens). The actors deserved the awards they got for their roles in this film!!!
5|22978|This movie is a good one to test how intelligent a person really is. Anyone who thinks this movie is too intellectual, too boring, too slow, or any other negative critique, is simply an idiot. Some religious people are probably turned off by the evolution idea. This is perhaps my 2nd most favorite movie ever made. It influenced Planet of the Apes, Star Wars, Close Encounters, Aliens, etc. in terms of technical achievement. It and Star Trek (orig. series) influenced the philosophical and intellectual tone of all sci-fi after it until Star Wars, such as Silent Running and Space 1999. All of it is great. I fell in love with the Dawn of Man sequence. It just floors me - it always feels like I'm really there witnessing our ancestors' daily struggles. I love how the Monolith can be interpreted in many ways - is it a symbol of our ingenuity? Is it a probe from an alien civilization? I love the final hyperspace sequence. At first I couldn't tell if it represented a mind trip or a physical trip. It's actually both. I love the Starchild and how it represents our past and future. That's what the movie is all about - where mankind came from, where we are, and where we're headed. If you think the middle section seems slow, it's because daily life IS slow, despite the technology around us. And we ARE becoming more machine-like, while our machines are becoming more life-like. It's happening all around us. I like the conspiracy of HAL's hidden agenda, and if you're observant, note the American flag, symbolizing America's predominance, during Dr. Heywood's briefing about absolute secrecy in the monolith's existence. You see the flag all the time in Kubrick's movies - in The Shining, it frames the scene of the man who explains the sordid history of the hotel to Nicholson. You see it in Full Metal Jacket and Strangelove too - seems to suggest Kubrick's disdain for the country, since he became an expatriate. Anyway, 2001 is not that difficult a movie. It's worth repeated viewing, but I guess some people will never see the truth in high art. 2001 is just about the most perfect movie I ever saw. I haven't even talked about the effects, because that's just too obvious. Another movie that knows what's up with music, light, and the moving image.
1|20440|A bunch of cheerleaders get massacred. Who the f**k pays money to watch this s**t?
5|12105|This is a first rate comedy. Never has a vamp's power over men of all kinds been more hillariously portrayed than in this film. I loved it start to finish!
5|8512|One of my all time favorite cult classics. This movie has everything- sex, drugs, necrophelia. These guys are my heroes!
5|2759|Sounds great! I'm one! lol! I wanna see it!
5|20809|BEST MOVIE EVER!
5|3447|Hey kids! Wondering what it was like to live in the US during early 1980's? Well, nothing provides a better dose of Reagan-esque, kill-a-Commie-for-mommy, right-wing, gun nut paranoid propaganda than watching this movie on a lazy afternoon.
5|23333|The 2003 VideoHound Guide to films available on VHS and DVD says the following: A gentle alien lands on earth to deliver a message of peace and a warning against experimenting with nuclear power. He finds his views echoed by a majority of the population, but not by the ones who are in control. In this account based loosely on the story of Christ, Michael Rennie is the visitor backed by the mighty robot Gort. One of the Greatest science fiction films of all time. 
1|17207|Anyone who actually liked this movie should be dragged out and shot. This defication of a movie was almost the worst I have ever seen. To the bitches that like this, suck my child shooter...spooge
1|11676|This movie was so horrible I am embarrassed that I spent 90 minutes watching it. Ben Stiller and Drew Barrymore are out of control. . .why would any one hire a hit man to kill an old lady?? Why would any one even try to kill an old lady?? The whole time I was watching it I wanted to tell them both to get control of themselves. They were both acting like lunatics simply because this old lady was annoying them? Sorry, but thats not funny. Its stupid.
5|9181|It was an experience to watch this movie. I recommend it to anyone who wants to see something that is creative and different.
1|2223|I don't like it one bit. Except the fact Tom Cruise is in it. Otherwise its just a stupid, broing movie that just talks and talks.
5|721|I love this movie. There are few more satisfying plots than that of a wrongfully accused person who is vindicated and earns the respect of the hard-nosed cop trying to chase him down. The performances were all great, and the dialogue possessed a gritty real-life quality I found refreshing. One minor irritant: It is of course absurd that Ford would wait until after being convicted to track down the one-arm man via his mechanical arm. Not that he had to bother: the movie revealed that Chicago PD interviewed the murderer during their initial investigation. All they would have had to do is show Ford his picture and he would have identified him (the craggy-faced man only disguised himself with a wig for heaven's sake). (I also wonder how the murderer got 13 people to verify he was out of town when he wasn't, but no matter.) Also, since the lack of forced entry into the apartment was a big issue, the first question someone would have asked was if somebody might have had a key. Bingo -- Dr. Nichols borrowed the car, even phoned the murderer from it. Oh well. If they had been so logical we wouldn't have had a gripping, highly entertaining movie. That would been a far bigger irritant.
5|5963|A true classic with an outstanding cast.
5|21242|Very funny. I love the Beatles
5|17928|Best scary movie EVER...bar none.
5|20148|The Blair Witch Project is a Horror Movie that requires an imagination.
1|13075|Schindler's List is a fairytale about an event that never happened! 
5|5977|Tony Curtis, Jack Lemmon and Marilyn Munroe, are great!
5|11395|I loved this movie because the plot makes sence, Deniro and Crystal are hilarious, and has very,very funny parts.
5|23441|I love Fifth Element! It was so cool, and totally unlike many sci-fi films nowadays. I liked the blue diva.
5|22987|I didn't even begin to understand 2001 until I read the book and watched it a few times. But it all came to me and I felt enlightened. A genius film once it makes sense.
5|13582|Cinemetography, screenplay, and Kevin Spacey makes this film a must see. It takes you behind closed doors into an upper middle class neighborhood. Kinky!
1|19558|Crapola. A shameless rip off of Duel, The Hitcher and just about every other manipulative horror flick of the '90s (even though this came out in 2001). Roger Ebert gave it four stars. Was he on crack? 
5|7806|An excellent film! All should see it and witness the genius of Adam Sandler.
5|15695|One of the best visual and dramatic films. This movie is rich with philosophy and mythology. It just boggles the mind. This movie was sooooo good. I want to go to the heaven they went to. The symbols they used were so good. This movie did a lot for me. I love the way he sacrificed himself for his wife. He loved her so much that he would rather live with her in hell than live without her in heaven. It reminded me of the legend of Orpheus and Euridicye.
5|10935|One of the rare sequels that is better than the original. A must see movie for any fan of Christmas or New York.
5|30|Released in and the top grossing film for 1981, Raiders Of The Lost Ark remains one of the most popular films ever produced. For the few who are uninitiated, the movie is an action-packed thrill ride which features rough and ready archeologist Indiana Jones (Harrison Ford) who is technically a college professor, but his real work is flying around the globe searching for lost artifacts. The film starts out fast with Jones on adventure in Peru where the viewer is introduced to fellow archeologist and nemesis Belloq (Paul Freeman) and ends with Jones searching and finding the ultimate artifact, namely the Ark of the Covenant. As other comments noted, Tom Selleck was originally cast as Indiana Jones; however, Harrison Ford played the part perfectly. Jones is human and vulnerable, not merely an action figure going through the action as he has his Achilles heel in snakes and realizes that it's not the age but the mileage. In other words, the viewer is never sure that Jones will get out of each fix. The love interest Marion Ravenswood was well cast with Karen Allen who has a nice mix of beauty and girl next door looks. The viewer can actually see her keeping up with Jones in a way a blond bombshell never could. The bottom line is that Raiders Of The Lost Ark is a can't miss movie and refreshed the action genre so much that all subsequent action films are measured thereby.
1|5216|Not again!
5|9803|This movie was excellent! The American President had it all- good plot, great acting and great directing by Rob Reiner. I origionally thought that Michael Douglas, given his filmmaking history and playing in movies like Fatal Attraction, would not be a good choice to play the President- but boy was I wrong. He brought a sense of charm to the film. Michael J. Fox was great as the paranoid Louis Rothschild. Martin Sheen was also great as AJ. Annette Benning and Michael Douglas have such chemistry together on screen. A great movie!
5|22011|I LOVE this movie! I memorized the entire thing and i watch it several times a month, or just whenever i feel like it. The best movie EVER
5|2956|An intense psychological thriller and especially great if you've seen the other movies before it. Acting was amazing - Anthony Hopkins and Julianne Moore were great.
5|20606|GREAT MUSIC! Check out Stan Kenton's Big Band Arrangements!
1|23820|Absolutely wretched. I'll admit that I watched it once out of sheer curiousity and was amazed at the utter stupidity. Nicholson and Close are wasted here.
5|18399|Scary and realistic. Good graphics. A horror classic. Story was good, and creepy from beginning to end.
5|5787|Aside from paying the all-star cast this has to be one of the cheapest 5 star films ever made. Almost no props and certainly no special effects. Oh wait, they did simulate a rain storm towards the end. That might count as an effect but it was probably a stage hand with a garden hose. As great as the acting in this movie was the movie did not garner a single nomination for best actor. During a year in which Bridge on the River Kwai and Witness for the Prosecution also appeared it is still surprising. It was nominated for Best Picture but lost to Bridge on the River Kwai. The tension and toil among the cast was readily apparent. The sweat dripping from their foreheads and the glistening skin due to the temperature in an uncooled room in summertime New York made the film as uncomfortable to watch as the decision each man faced. A very engaging film whose basic premise is nothing more than one man against the odds. Extermely well done and a true classic. A powerful expose on what good movie making can be. More modern movie makers should go back and review this film.
5|19939|Despite other opinions here, I think the movie was great. Haven't read the book yet, but plan to now. Saw it with friends while it was a bit gory, after all it is a Stephen King film, was much better than I expected. Tom Sizemore was the big draw to get me through the doors of the show I was not disappointed.
5|20160|this one was better than the first one cuz that buffy blonde really got on my nerves
1|7367|f**king idiotic.
5|17914|As a Catholic this is a very disturbing movie.It is scary in a frightening gotcha way and psychologically.This makes you think and examine your beliefs.Much like Jaws scared people out of the water,this movie scared people into church.This has to rank as one of the greatest movies of all time.I have many friends who will not watch this movie .
1|339|I liked it better the first time I saw it, when it was called BRAVE HEART. There were so MANY events in this movie that was a total copy of BH. It got to the point that I knew what was going to happen 20 minutes before it was even on screen... RIP OFF.
1|11892|This movie was totally gross, and filled with so much filth that I could barely watch until the ending. I thought the Prince Albert scene was repulsive as well. Save your time and money and don't ever watch this piece of trash if you know what is good for you.....I was totally shocked that Christina Applegate would have chose such a role....
5|7190|i was like 10 years old and my uncle took me to go see it. he used to always drag me along with him and his friends it was great. after seeing the movie and it was hilarious to a 10yr old . i thought i was a big shot at school the next day telling every one i got to see it. belushi and the mash potatoes classic. makes you miss belushi even more and to realize what a great talent the world lost
5|23469|Monkeys!
1|19216|Wow, what an awful movie. I mean really, really miserable. As shallow as this sounds, I rented From Dusk Till Dawn because the ads featured Salma Hayek dancing around scantily clad, and it turns out that was the only part of this movie worth watching. The plot is idiotic, the acting is worse than what you'd expect from bad TV, it's not at all scary, and the attempts at humor fall completely flat. If this movie was any worse, I could almost recommend it as something to laugh at, but it's not even bad enough to be good.
5|7184|A must see.
5|22763|E T was one of the best movies ever. The music was great, a great plot line, and the E T effects were excellent. The scenes toward the end while make you want to cry while those toward the beginning are scary. I like the 2002 20th anniversary special edition version better than the original version.
5|12878|An amazing and life-affirming film. What's more amazing is that it did not win Best Picture the year it was released. It apparently didn't do amazing box office business when it came out but made an incredible comeback when released on video. The title put some people off but word of mouth spread and it became a bonafide blockbuster. Well-deserved. Great ending too.
1|16131|The usual old jokes and stereotypes about Italians: the Rome in the ending looks like a cross between Naples and Venice. Oh gee! I feel sorry for David Duchovny, who's a good guy....
5|5793|Best film I ever seen and I don't usually like Henry Fonca
1|15438|I had absolutely no trouble falling asleep on the airplane when they aired this extremely bland movie...it was a nice sleeping aid...boring, boring, BORING !
5|19093|This is a great movie that makes you feel like you're on a roller coaster. I jumped at every scene because they always popped out with surprises. This is great for people over 13 becasue the story plot is really good. And the thought of the movie is very smart.
1|8726|I love crude, obnoxious teen sex movies, but, only when they're funny. This one fails terribly.
5|20612|loved it. watch it every time it comes on. i sing along. its a make you feel good movie
5|24474|a classic 80's movie
5|1293|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It is like four or five movies rolled into one. I like the way the story jumps back and forth between the different characters and comes together at the end. I feel it has reached classic status and put Tarantino on the map.
5|9817|At first, I too was in the boat of saying Hey, this isn't a comedy but what else is it? It's too funny to be a drama, not scary enough to be a Suspense...it's the closest fit. Categories aside, I loved it. My all-time favorite. What a way for Tommy to bust on the scene.
5|22005|This is the ultimate movie! Love, adventure, good jokes, bad puns, fencing, giants.... and it's got a great story line too!
5|23284|Written first by Carl Sagan as a best selling novel, this movie is full of interesting theories about the possibility of alien contact and explores the idea of how it could happen. Intellecutally and visually stimulating. That's why I love this movie.
5|13347|Saving Private Ryan deserves way more than RateItAll.com's rating key.
5|21493|Nothing comes close in sci-fi movies. Classic good vs evil. cant wait for the remaining movies to come out. George is da man. May the force be with you all. 
5|11550|Haven't seen this movie in years but I do remember laughing my butt off.
1|23773|Will Smith was terrible in Men In Black, so why would you sign him up to play another sci-fi based character??? Independence Day is one movie that I could have missed.
5|4274|It is excellent animation and a good story. It's probably one of the first movies I would show to my kids. Walt Disney and his crew were wonderful and this is definitely one of his masterpieces.
5|18212|it was so cool i am a big fan of horror movies but this one takes it all i love how their is mostley killings and not all talk i think this should be the best horror movie ever it has suspense thrilling non stop action and it is my favroit horror movie thanks
5|4512|This is a beautiful story with superb animation, and you can tell that Walt Disney put a lot of time and love into the making of this one. The only thing is, it just KILLS me when Bambi loses his mother. I can understand that it's a very important part of the film because it's about how life really is in the forest, but it just gets to me. One of the absolute best from Disney.
5|15050|this was the best movie i have seen in months, it goes into my top 5 list, it made me feel alive
5|6305|My favorite is My Fair Lady b/c Audrey Hepburn really made the movie great. She is a great actress and a classy woman.
5|13421|One of the most clever movies ever made. What a story line so original. With two of the best actors in the lead roles.
5|6311|Best Christmas movie and Natalie Wood is awesome!
5|22830|Pure magic, that s what this movie is. i read all four books and loved the story so, i couldn t wait to see the movie. When i finally saw it, i spent most of the time delighted with the adaptation - which is very good, and with a fabulous cast that does a wonfderful job in giving life to Harry Potter and his world.
1|21616|terrible
5|13435|This is my all time favorite drama movie. It was the only movie I've ever cried during, at least since I was a teenager. The music is beautiful and memorable. Hanks does an incredible job. Haley Joel Osment, my favorite male child actor, even shoes up briefly.
5|9022|this is my favorite movie of all time. i recommend it to everyone. when i was a kid, i watched this movie and tried to emulate john cusack.
5|24299|Some people may not agree with me for this rating,but I liked the movie very much.As soon as I saw the final battle between Neo and Smith it blew my mind.Than I liked the battle for Zion,I liked the first part where they go to save Neo and as soon as they enter the bar a fight breaks out.I like that one.I liked that movie very much
5|682|A Kubrick classic. I have a friend who can recite whole speeches from this movie. The dialogue in this movie is amazing. It is a really great war movie.
5|5618|Awesome movie in every aspect. Wonderful suspense, i love the camera flashing at the end!!! AHHH
5|4506|Really funny!! Mulan is one strong gal!!
5|3269|Now this is such an adreline-pumping movie! It has some wonderful action sequences, great fights, and the motorcycle chase scene is incredible! Yes, the dialouge isn't that good, but that's not what this movie is about. Its about the intense energy and excitement, and it really delivers! John WOo did a very great job directing this film! I reccommend that you see it.
5|10882|**Update 8/10/04: I just saw this movie again 2 nights ago. By the beard of Zeus, it changed my life. Again. *OC: If there was a vendor selling Anchorman the dvd for $75 a pop in the theater lobby I would have picked up two on my way out. In case I lost one. This is top-five comedy quality on an all-time list. I'm not kidding, it's right up there with the likes of Naked Gun, Airplane, and Caddyshack. Ron Bergundy - jazz flutist, great hair, scotch-lover. A force to be reckoned with.
5|21487|This movie was a perfect mix of drama, action and sci-fi fantasy. It is even a good movie without the rest of the Star Wars trilogy.
5|4260|I still love the Muppets. If I live to be 100, I will still love them. There are some things you just never outgrow!
5|20941|Well what can I say about this movie that hasn't already or soon will be said? It's absolute pure and unadulterated genius. Moulin Rouge never for a moment leaves you without some sort of compelling image or emotion. The actors have a powerful chemistry that manages to capture the audience's attention amidst all the frienzied goings-on. And that, I assure you, is quite a feat. And, of course, one would be remiss if one did not mention the shockingly good music! The retooled songs that I'm sure would sound corny in any other movie seem to fit perfectly in Moulin Rouge. The singing is surprisingly good as well, considering that the majority of it is done by two actors not widely known for their singing ability. I wish I could find ways to fully express to you, too, just how amazing just the visual..everything is. It's like nothing I've ever seen in entire life. You are forever being bombarded with some kind of elaborate image, a new and before unimaginable picture. It's really undescribable. Baz Lurrhman did an astonishing job on this film. The camera angles, the colors, the music, the actors, the sets, just everything was perfect. I would not have changed one thing. Not one minute of this truly beautiful movie is ever, ever wasted. Neither will your time if you go see it, so get off your booty and do so! Now! I command you!
1|8875|Another total waste of space from America's most popular pot smoking duo...a completely idiotic movie in every way...no point whatsoever...do not waste your hard earned money buying this junk...
5|18206|i loved it! it was the scariest movie ive seen in a long time.
5|20799|A classy, fun movie with great musical numbers. Julie Andrews and Robert Preston give outstanding performances. The set decoration, costumes and cinematography give the movie a really great look. James Garner, Lesley Ann Warren and Alex Karras give great performances as well. A classic movie musical. 
1|18929|A stupid movie that made religion look like a joke. It made the Bible look like nothing. The movie was bad, and the actors even worse.
5|1318|Amazing movie. Yes I know some parts had their boring moments but the 1 hour and some 30 mintues passed by really quickly.
5|14414|This movie is a classic. And that's not just because it's a John Hughes' film. It is a very well done movie, with a great story and great acting. It is timeless and I think it is much better than many of the teenage films out today.
1|10385|Never even consider renting this movie - it's terrible. Harrison Ford made a rare mistake and agreed to work with a terrible script and one of the most annoying actresses ever (Melanie Griffith). Actually, now that I think about it, he made the same mistake with 6 Days, 7 Nights. Anyway, this movie is a joke and isn't even worth tearing apart.
5|12703|I think those kids in CO needed to get laid. That would have given them something to live for and love for. It is a shame - I feel sorry for anyone who could do that. Hmmm...the KKK was banned in 1871, the NRA was formed in 1871, very interesting. patriotism is the virtue of the viscous.
5|7027|This movie was da bomb. I have never laughed so hard before. Thanks for an awesome movie Matthew!!!
5|22818|i was wowed by the effects, and having read the books, i felt that they stuck to the storyline as well as possible in order to tell the story in a timely matter. the attention to detail of the scenery, such as hogwarts and diagon alley was amazing, and the astors were equally well cast. it is an enchanting movie for children and adults.
5|6339|This is a truly beautiful, touching movie dealing with the problems, readjustments and every day experiences encountered by veterans returning home from WWII. It is a timeless and universal tale about everyone who has ever left home and had to deal with something devastating in their lives and attempts to reconcile the inevitable changes within themselves with what they once had taken for granted as the norm. If you can't relate personally, you know someone who can. Great cast, great writing, great acting, and wonderful sentiment.
5|14372|This movie was brilliantly made and could go either way. Either you love it or you hate it. Even those who say they hate it won't dare take there eyes off of it from beginning to end. One of the greatest movies i ever saw.
5|5630|this movie is so cool. it's awesome to see a movie where it all takes place in one room
1|22337|Dreadfully dull, alternating with smarmy.
5|872|If I was in charge of giving out Oscar's, I would give most of them to the Sixth Sense. I like this movie because of the suspense.
5|5624|A brilliant film. Hitchcock takes a simple story and brings a depth to it. The style alone rivets you to the screen.
5|10100|Edward Norton is so hugable and cute!!!! I love that guy. What a babe!
5|866|For me, this isn't really a horror movie, more susupense I thought. I was so surprised by the ending of the movie, which doesn't happen often. It was pleasing to be surprised like that.
5|16571|Charming and funny comedy-drama.
5|15078|One of my all time favorite movies. Anything with conspiracy makes a movie worth while.
5|8300|The guy who came up with the premise of the movie and directed it is actually a Christian - so aryandan get your facts correct before you b***h about something that you don't really know anything about. I think its a very clever film and I do like the main thrust of the film being that religion is an idea that should grow rather than using religion as a weapon against the things that you don't approve of or are frightened of. its a very sweet film and does raise a lot of questions and ideas that perhaps some people should take on board
5|7033|This is a classic movie and who doesn't want to live on the wild side by cutting school?
1|18915|a pathetic attempt to exploit religion and make a movie.poo.
5|1324|Another home run for Tarantino.
5|9778|I totally laughed my ass off. This movie was so funny, especially Bernie Mac and D.L. Hughley. They joked about stuff I can relate to. I went to see it with my boyfriend and he was crying because it was hella funny. Highly recommended.
5|8466|This is probably one of the greatest comedies ever! You have to watch it more than once to catch everything, but once you get it all, it is absolutely a riot! I honestly laugh at every other scene in this movie. Mike Myers does a fantastic job playing Austin, Dr. Evil, and Fat Bastard. Mini-Me was a hilarious addition! And Scott Evil and Frau and Number 2 are just as funny. And Heather Graham is pretty easy on the eyes too. I guess this movie is so cool because there are so many quotable quotes in it...two thumbs way up!
5|12071|I loved The Animal . When I went to see it, I was expecting yet another pointless comedy with no real storyline and a lot of bad jokes. I was surprised to discover that, while this movie is definately a comedy, it also had some depth and some serious moments. I couldn't help but feel sorry for Marvin, the police officer wannabe who cannot seem to do anything right. He was a well thought out character, with some depth that is unusual for a comedy. Five stars!
1|20252|junk junk junk. this movie was just dumb. i dont even think it was by the same directer. the acting was horrible.
5|3533|I thought it was an excellant movie.... Great.... Would watch it again... great action movie....funny in some parts too hehehe
5|10666|This is a fantastic movie but to me it is more of a drama with some comedy than a true sidesplitting comedy.This features a great cast of relative unknowns at the time who all went on to better things.This is something of a cult movie unknown by the masses. Check this out for a great evening of entertainment.
1|15202|Stupid!
5|21450|THE SF Benchmark. You love it - you know you do. A must-see for Everyone.
5|20996|I thought that Dirty Dancing was the love story hit of the 80's.
5|22159|This was such an original story and script. It was able to play off well with the story of good versus evil. There was a lot of good action and the costumes were cool.
5|7966|I think that this movie should be displayed more often in T.V., people may actually change, I know I did.
5|13384|I could watch this over and over, and I do !!!!! Yes, a little long, and some of the scenes are probably not neccassary,like the scene towards the end of him running to San francisco and back? What was that all about?
5|9793|Hilarious. I usually wouldn't see this type of movie which really isn't a movie at all. But I was talked into it and was very surprised. The comics were hilarious. Kept me entertained to the end.
5|12924|I think that this movie was absolutely excellent!, The way he seemed to feel like he had nothing left, and then as if out of nowhere he felt he got the redemption that he deserved. I think that it was just soooooo good!!!!
5|15093|Perhaps one of the best movies of our recent movie times. The acting, directing, and overall production of this movie are superb -interlacing several stark stories surrounding drugs in our society. At times you forget you are watching a movie it becomes so real. A must see for everyone.
5|21336|Hands down the greatest piece of film greatness ever made.
5|655|There's nothing sugar coated about this Stanley Kubrick classic. Boot camp was really that brutal. It's too bad that bleeding heart liberals and PC hungry officials don't mkae that the same today. Truly the most unforgettable movie character of all time - Lee Ermy as Gunnery Sgt. Hartman.
5|899|This is probably one of the best supernatural thrillers (horrormovies) I've seen in a very very long time! The Sixt Sense is very scary at some moments and I have to tell, it keeps me talking about even a month after I'd seen it. I asked a lot of questions to different people about things that happened in the movie that I didn't quite get. Almost all of my questions have been answered satisfactorily and I can now say, it is a great film. I didn't see how the movie was going to end because the moments you could have figured the ending out were very subtle exacuted. Joel has to get an Oscar nomination for his performance as well as the pretty original script. Furthermore, the movie was very stylishly made.
5|5803|An incredible, no frills masterpiece!
5|21322|The movie is so campy that it's good. The Bee Gees do save the film even though they don't speak one word of dialogue. As a side note, the Bee Gees begged to get out of this film, but their contract obligations forced them to remain.
1|9216|Never heard of this movie? No wonder..it was one of the lowest rated movies of all time. Don't bother watching or wasting your money
5|14399|really great movie. a classic. THE NEXT TIME I HAVE TO COME IN HERE, I'M CRACKING SKULLS!
5|12930|This is one of my favourite movies. I've seen it a million times and I never get sick of it. All of the actors in this movie do a great job and the movie keeps your attention all the way through. Definitely worth seeing.
1|11716|You have to wonder about Gwyneth Paltrow's state of mind when she read this script and agreed to do the movie. Maybe she owed someone a favor.
1|18732|A slasher flick for sadists.
1|11070|mm should go blonde damnit
5|9787|This movie rocked! It was so funny, I must say all the guys did an outstanding performance. Cedric the entertainer ruled. My favorite part was when he said that no matter what the brothers be runnin', you could be in full on conversation and they just start running. 
5|127|What confuses me is why this is in the action section when it should be in the horror section? Strange. Anyways, this has got to be one of the best horror tales ever made for the screen! Foster Hopkins are excellent as is Demme's direction. The atmosphere is good, the tension is unbearable and all of it's praise is well-deserved. Excellent movie!
5|21444|If only the original cliffhangers that inspired this had been one-tenth as good.
5|7782|This is really funy.....beest golf show
1|10346|What's the point here? The story went nowhere, he ended up where he started, he failed in his quest and he can look forward to a lonely life with idiot in-laws. Plus, the movie was just plain boring (seeing Kathy Bates naked didn't help, either). Real inspiring.....
5|22165|This is a great sci-fi movie for any age. It was full of great effects such as bullet-time. The plot was second to none: a select few battle the machines; super AI computers that have taken over the world and turned humans into Duracells.
5|15911|OK, I admit it, I'm a sap. I LOVED this movie. Definitely one of my favorites. For those of you who prefer garbage like Closer - go for it! However, I think THIS movie is closer to reality than that piece of trash. This was a true love story and what true love is all about. We can learn a lot from the love shared by Noah and Allie. I don't understand why people find depressing, gross movies so interesting and stimulating while dissing a beautiful, positive movie like this one. Perhaps it is the fate of humanity to wallow in sludge. Me? I prefer to roll in beauty, and this movie is beautiful. Well-scripted, well-acted - James Garner was superb and Ryan Gosling was HOT! Rachel McAdams came out of nowhere and I hope to see her in more movies in the future. A lovely cast and a story that leaves you feeling like there is hope for the human race, where's the downside? For those of you who think this is too pat, they indicate that it wasn't a perfect marriage, but it took work and commitment. I have been married for 26 years to the love of my life and not only am I glad I hung in there with us, but I can't imagine my world without him. No, it wasn't easy and we almost divorced twice, but we hung in there and worked hard. Like Noah and Allie, I hope not to have to face life without the love of my life. This movie was not about fantasy - it was about hope and commitment and the joy one can have in marriage when two work hard and love much. A stunning movie! I haven't yet met a person in real life who hasn't liked this movie (my husband was annoyed that it made him cry, but other than that, it's been a 100% hit). I also loved the interweaving of their young love story with the end of their lives love story. What a wonderful, positive movie. I agree with Winter Spirit to beware of the love scenes. While I disagree it was a good portion of the film, it's not a good idea to let young children watch this movie. Probably should have been rated R. But, for once, I didn't think it was gratuitous sex as in most movies (see Closer), it was the culmination and outward manifestation of the tremendous love shared by these two characters. I prefer to believe that humanity IS capable of positive love and happy marriages. Learn from THIS movie how to do it! Beware: Bring your hankies :)
1|23954|The sad part was, they found the bastard.
5|20772|from someone who has lost count on the times i've seen it and got to be it as a performer (eddie and riff) for 3 years.it is and was great fun.always glad to take a virgin to the show.my kids know every song and was attending by age 8.the movie is a classic and the actors have gone on from there to great careers from being found in this movie.elbow sex to you all
5|669|This is the best movie about the Vietnam war to come out of Hollywood. Kubrick's meticulous analysis of military conditioning is a stark condemnation of the American ideologies that caused the Holocaust in Vietnam. Vincent D'Onofrio's chilling portrayal of a mentally disturbed soldier is reason enough to see this film.
5|12918|Definatelly one of Frank Darabont's greatest work. His adaptation of Stephen King's original novel was just fabulous. This movie really speaks to the soul, and people can learn alot from this masterpiece.
1|10420|Finally a movie that shows Mel Gibson's arrogance in complete clarity. His ego maniac persona shined thruout this whole movie without ever taking a break. He has no talent, is very unattractive, and couldn't act his way out of a paper bag. If you can actually look around Mel's inflated head at the movie itself, it will just make you fall asleep, as it lacks all forms of entertainment needed in any type of movie...a movie that should be missed and I would never recommend it...don't waste your money...
5|24266|good movie much better than the first one
5|1481|Brillant.
5|23509|One of my favorite films. Very creepy and gory.
5|22617|Graphics are good. Characters are interesting and realistic. Movie reflects off the comic.
1|24791|This deserves zero stars and three additional turkeys. Now, I shall sheepishly admit that I read a couple of the Anne Rice vampire potboilers to see what all the hype was about. Therefore I knew who Lestat was, but since I didn't read the book that this bow-wow is based upon, I was totally lost. I go to a used video store once in a while to shop for bargain dvd's and this chestnut is always in the cheapo bin. That should tell you something.
1|12223|I like these actors....usually. I'm a fan of Ray Romano and Gene Hackman. But I wasted my money. It is the writing. The script is really bad. Really bad.
1|12545|Found the movie very very crude and demeaning to women. Good message at the end but u have to waste an hour and half to get to it. I'm very open-minded, don't offend easily as are my friends....but i dont know anyone who liked it. It was just a really bad movie..poor taste and a MAJOR waste of 10 bucks!!!! American Pie was MUCH MUCH better!!! Don't waste ur money!!!!
5|21478|This is THE science fiction movie. Despite it's revolutionary movie making technology, it's classic good vs. evil plot makes for good family entertainment. This space age western should be the measuring pole for all science fiction movies.
5|2836|Barbara Bach deserves an Oscar for the scene in the pyramids. That dress deserves an Oscar.
1|20291|Pure crap!
5|22171|This is one of my favorite movies. The great special effects combined with good actors (except Keeanu) and a great story make it awesome.
5|6488|My favorite western movie. Has comedy, drama, and history.
5|13623|shocked me the first time I saw it....and I have watched it at least 10 times since
1|3288|IM2 is poorly made and seems to mirror Bond films in its need for action and excitement. This film is a mockery of the idea behind IM. There are no mind games or intrigue, rather a very thin tranparent plot with a HUGE budget, big stars and JOHN WOO's infamous and trite directing abilities.
5|7219|Animal House is the best movie ever! (especially for college students). John Belushi is hysterical + it makes you want to go out + do something crazy, like toga party.
1|22109|OK, I know there's a huge legion of fans... but this movie really sucks and Keanu Reeves too (he's not an actor) The good point is just for the FX.
5|17445|Another excellent entry by Kurosawa, and probably a little more accessable to the casual fan than some of his other work. The classic western movie fan will be familiar with the Clint Eastwood version A Fistful of Dollars
5|494|Awesome movie. Better than the Godfather, even.
5|18776|i really like this movie, even though it was not that scary. the way that they would show the things from the movie happening to the people was cool.
5|2407|One of the best thrillers of the last 15 years. 
5|21849|I like this one the best because of it's time transport element. The heroes immediately come to mind when you hear the title.
5|5368|The first of Dashiell Hammett's Thin Man stories to be shown on screen. This one is the best and it won't disappoint any classic movie fan. The movie stars William Powell and Myrna Loy as Nick and Nora Charles. He used to be a detective and she is his wealthy wife. They spend most of the time inembriated, and a soused William Powell is a very funny one. Nick is asked by a young woman to help her when her father becomes the top suspect in a murder case. William Powell and Myrna Loy are a delight to watch and they have excellent chemistry together.
5|11752|The funniest spoof movie I have ever seen...all those retarded teen movies finally got what wasa coming to them!
1|20078|I didn't understand the hype surrounding this movie. I found it to be very tasteless, and nauseating from the camera movement.
5|13145|The part of this movie that gets to me the most is the little girl in the red jacket.
5|9552|This movie is really funny. If you like to go out and have a good time you'll love this movie. If you're a dork this movie is not for you.
5|8894|great film. pitt really delivers. a bit much of the ritchie trademark back-and-forth you're stupid no, you are type dialogue- i got enough of that in 'lock, stock...' but this was a better film. full of surprises, attitude, violence (the key to any great movie) and twists. must see, a real thrill ride. shades of 'the sting' and 'rocky', with a dash of 'the french connection'.
5|23086|I loved the action packed and the cool special effects.
5|6675|What a very romantic and very lovely movie. The girl lead sure needed a reality check. I felt for the boy lead and he sure had a loving heart. I wish there not so many girls in the world who was like the lead girl from this movie. THe movie was happy, sad and very romantic all in one great package! I reccomend movie for anyone who is romantically in love or ever has been in love!
5|8880|A movie about getting high on marijuana. Very, very funny with Cheech Chong. They smoke so much you think you're getting as high as they are. Would definitely see again.
5|23092|Bashed by critics for bad acting and lousy dialogue, this prequel is as good as the first three movies, with better special effects to boot. The characters are just as thin, but that was never the point.
5|17337|Best film released in the States in 2001.
5|18004|i was the carrie white of my high school i was a misfit hated by jocks and chearleaders and yuppies the movie very real and creepy
5|10458|Very funny. I enjoy this movie so much that I can watch it over and over.
5|4062|this is just as good as the first Toy Story.Woody accidentally ends up in a yard sale and is stolen by a customer who turns out to be a collector of old toys. he takes Woody with the intention of selling him. Woody finds out he is part of a collection of toys from the 1950s. There was even a kiddie show about him in the 50s. Meets Jessie,and other Woody playhouse Characters. Meanwhile the toys from Andy's house set out to rescue Woody.Some funny scenes, and even sad like when Jessie remembers her special kid who loved her at one time and then gave her away.Another well done movie.
5|11020|this is without a doubt one of the funniest movies ever.........everything from doogie houser to white castle (obviously).......extremely crude so not for the faint of heart
5|17451|This is possibly the single most heart-wrenching foreign/war movies I have ever seen. The last scene of the movie left me in tears as the great Emprire crumbles and the banner floats away. This movie had superb directing and is a definite must see for any movie fanatic.
5|18762|I have no idea how people are NOT scared by this one. I am not easily rattled but this movie creeped me out! Whew what a good one!
5|480|I loved the Indiana Jones' movies. They were all great action, adventure, and were funny.
5|9220|what a fabulous piece of the 80's. this movie is disturbing and over the top, and christian slater couldn't be any sleezier. i just really really like it, and i can't exactly say why. because it's good i guess.
5|6113|the same people who rate 'scary movie' the greatest of all time, rate this movie terrible (i doubt if they have even seen it)....glad i am not in with this bunch....stephen boyd (does anyone remember he also starred on 'fantastic voyage' (anyone see this?)is absolutely excellent... another top rate performance by charlton heston, good writing, direction, score....have seen about 8 times...
5|12529|In this age of endless gorey violence in films, nice to see that the old classics still survive.
5|14170|The movie follows the book fairly well. While depressing from the beginning until the very end, the movie shows a slice of life that is very real for some. I think the movie shows the pain experienced by todays youth whether it's related to sexual identity or acceptance and belonging in general.
5|1654|those who haven't seen it: it's overhyped, but worth looking at. it's got love and fighting up the wazoo, and a worthwhile plot with some extremely admirable heroes, and some villains who range from naughty to annoying. the fighting is basic wire fu, but with some more ambitious settings than the typical guys flying around movies from china, and the aforementioned plot and characters to *try* to lend it all some epic sweep. give it a chance. those who have seen it: was that love story between the little thief girl and her kidnapper the most cumbersome and distracting thing ever? who cares about her little episode with the helsinke syndrome? wouldn't you rather have seen the more mature characters, the master and the older babe who loved him get it on? it might have tainted their purity, but face it, nothing, and i mean nothing, could redeem that little tramp for killing chow yun fat's guy. i'll give her this, when yeoh beats up all the would-be apprentices in the bar with the master's sword, and in the process pretty much takes out the bar itself, and when she took her own life at the end, the movie's magic came through to me. i have to give it 5 stars, despite some strained bits. 
5|23904|I really loved this movie, and I think Brad Pitt did a great job with his role as Achilles.
5|7225|Funny, intelligent and poignant. Watch "A Christmas Carol" and this movie during the holiday season and you'll rediscover what's really important in life. John Candy is definitely missed.
5|12501|I haven't seen it yet, but I really want to, it looks good, is it?
5|6885|What a funny movie. An absolute classic with so many memorable lines and scenes. It's just a flesh wound.
5|7543|This movie was great. It gave you the chance to see how people on different sides can come together.
5|8670|this was the funniest teen movie ever!
5|13179|Doctor- Is there anything we can do for you? McMurphy- (holds up the naked-lady playing card) Do you have her number?
5|1132|Scarface is a classic. This has to be the all time best movie in history. The ending was tight. It would have been better if he blasted everyone though.
1|12790|What a joke!!! You guys should really get your facts straight and don't trust a puppet that's funded by Hollywood. His documentary is riddled with more holes than a slab of swiss cheese. First of all he used an excerpt from a Bush speech and claimed it was regarding the Iraq war. In reality he was talking about the Israelis and the Palistinians. He claims that Bush invited the Taliban to Texas for a visit. Wrong, a Texas oil company that had nothing to do with Bush invited him. What he failed to mention was the fact that Mr. Bill Clinton actually DID invite the Taliban to visit this country! Nice try Michael Moron... Please do yourself a favor and check the facts out before believing any of his propaganda.
5|21875|GREATEST MOVIE OF ALL TIME!
5|5354|One of America's classic film offerings. This film is delightful. You need to watch this film because: 1) It is a classic. 2) Hollywood, et.al. do not make films like this anymore. 3) One of the greatest actors, Gregory Peck, stars in this film. 4) Who could forget a kid named Scout? 5) Learn a little about the racist South and how contact with Blacks created controversy. 
1|9941|This movie sucked. There were a few funny parts but overall it wsa just really disgusting. Also, it had absolutely no plot.
1|8487|I went to see this movie with high enthusiasm and was quite let down. It was not worth spending $8 on. The same jokes as the original movie were used, most times less effectively than the first Austin Powers. The new characters, mainly Fat Bastard, served for a few laughs, but overall, it's NOT a must see.
5|16001|this movie leaves you feeling shocked and devestated... which i think is exactly what it was trying for. at times almost unbearably graffic, it definitly gets its point across about injustice and bad things happening to good people. bjork does an incredible job.
5|10464|It was a very funny movie every body played there part very well and picked the perfect person for it.
5|5340|This is one of my favorite movies. The portrayal of innocence by Scout and her coming to terms with the ways of the world is well done. Gregory Peck is perfect as her father, Atticus Finch, a lawyer who stands up for what's right even though the whole town is against him. It is a highly inspiring story!
5|21861|One of the most entertaining films ever made.
5|19326|This is an amazing film very gothic I would recomend it to everyone including goths. The film is very deep and I can relate to Ian Snyder (Jake Richardson) because i get treated badly aswell. Watching Hangman's Curse really helped me realize that im am not the only goth who gets treated badly. Thanks for reading this. 
5|16015|Wow no one has reviewed this great movie yet. And I wasn't planning on writing one, but I guess I will anyway. It has great style, a great story, great characters, and good acting. This movie managed to be very funny thoughout all the seriousness. Some of the story eliments though are already a little runned down (i.e. a scene depicting what it's like to be on a drug, and an obligatory leaving on an airplane scene), but it manages to do them well. And the rest of the movie definitely makes up for it... and last but not least, I love the music in this movie.
1|19809|This movie was absolutely terrible!!!! People are dying all over the place, and this moron is listening to reel to reel tapes of some freak with multiple personalities.. oh gawd... this movie was a waste of money. dont bother even renting it. When is Hollywood going to produce something worth watching. I want to have the crap scared out of me when I see a HORROR movie, not try to disect what the hell is going on... plain boring.
5|7557|One of my favorite Python films! The ending is especially hillarious.
1|20050|They had a good concept, to use actors who didn't have scripts (anyone see this as a prelude to all the Reality TV crap that's overrunning the airwaves now?) with handheld cameras. The jerkiness of the picture was irritating, though admittedly necessary for the type of thing they were going for. But that's about all the credit I can give it. I was waiting to be scared, almost fell asleep through it (it's extremely slow-going), and got left sitting down as the theater lights came up and wondered . . . well? When's something going to happen? It might be worth seeing to check out the concepts in the making of the film . . . otherwise, it might be better to pick something else up to watch.
5|8664|Great movie one of my fav. although a lil unconfertable(i cant spell) to watch with ur parents i learnedthat the hard way...HAHAHA
5|1126|The movie Scarface is one of my all time favorite movies. It has a little bit of everything within the movie such as romance, friendship, suspense, and especially violence. I really enjoy violent movies and Scarface fits that criteria. Scarface shows how drugs and drug dealing are a major part of american culture.
5|1898|Nicholas Cage and John Travolta were awesome in this. I could really feel the pain of Nicholas Cage's character when he was good. It really makes you wonder about what would happen if the situation really was possible.
5|18986|Sam Raimi did a terrific with Army of Darkness, the third installment of the Evil Dead series. This horror\comedy went for more of the slapstick funny jokes, which differed from its predecessors. The snappy dialogue by Bruce Campbell along with the visual effects makes this the best of the trilogy. Unlike most horror movies, where the bad guy returns from the dead, this one is based solely upon the stupidity of the good guy. This movie even had a decent plot that flowed well with all the events.
5|457|Definitely a great pick! I loved the addition of Sean Connery as Indiana's father because it injected a bit of humor into the usually-serious storyline. The cast had chemistry, the script had tense and hilarious moments alike, and the adventure was fun, as always with Indiana Jones.
1|12009|Vin Diesel needs to be deported.
1|17171|THIS MOVIE IS NOTHING BUT DEGRADATION TO AFRICAN AMERICANS, AND A MOCKERY OF WHITE AMERICANS.
5|13838|One of my favorite movies. Based on the book by Fannie Flagg, this heart-warming story tells a tale of a forbidden love, murder, compassion, caring and redempion in the South during the early part of the 20th century. Told in narrative by an elderly nursing home resident (played brillianty by Jessica Tandy (but, then again, have you ever seen her act anything but brilliantly?)), the story not only gives you hope, but you can actually see it caried out on the screen by Kathy Bates (also in a brilliant role!) as she listens and befriends the elderly lady. This movie is best watched while actually eating some of the title's namesak FRIED GREEEN TOMATOES. And remember, THE SECRET IS IN THE SAUCE!!!
5|9591|An instant classic!
5|13186|Believe it or not my mom MADE me watch this. I was like oh god but... it is probably the best film that the great Jack has ever made. If I am not mistaken this was made in the late '60s. OMG I can't believe a movie can be so funny yet serious. GREAT!!!
5|8857|If you see Gene Wilder's name on a movie, you can bet you are about to be entertained. While not a great actor, he is good at delivering a laugh, and this movie is no exception. One would think that a movie with a song called SPRINGTIME FOR HITLER wpould be unwatchable, but Mostel and Wilder make it worthwhile. IJR says check it oout!
5|23045|fun movie for whole family
5|21652|My number 4 out of the 6,behind Star Wars,Episode 3 and Empire Strikes Back,but equally good in its own right.
5|3902|This is one movie my whole family enjoyed even the not so young ones. We own it on vhs, dvd and we have a cassette that we practically listen to every time we go somewhere with the car. It never gets boring.
1|701|It is an old man's film, I think this because my Dad watches it over and over and its so boring! does he have any taste?
5|21646|I can't possibly write everything that I want too because it would take up about three pages. But I'll give it a try. I have been saying for months that this will be the greatest movie ever, it's a thousand times better than I thought. Granted there are some changes from the book, but that is understandable. I saw The Fellowship of the Ring opening day, first showing of course and have seen the movie five times since and plan on seeing it many, many, many more times. Every Actor/Actress was absolutely amazing and 100% true to the book they all deserve an Oscar. EVERYTHING was breathtaking. I laughed, cried, was frightened, and felt all the emotions of the fellowship. This movie was sheer perfection. No words can describe how wonerful this movie really was. My favorite characters were Frodo Baggins(Elijah Wood), Samwise Gamgee(Sean Astin), Meridoc Brandybuck(Dominic Monaghan), and last but not least Perigrin Took(Billy Boyd). Hobbiton was so amazing the detail was unbeleivable. I cannot pick a favorite scene, it was all great. I'm going insane waiting for The Two Towers to come out, one year seems like an eternity away. I have read the books 10 times and I'm sure that J.R.R. Tolkien would have been extreamly proud of Peter Jackson on directing the greatest movie of all time.
1|9772|Excuse me, these couldn't even be court jesters! The ORIGINAL kings of Comedy were masters like Bob Hope, Dick Van Dyke, Bill Cosby, Desi Arnaz, Danny Thomas and a few others. A stand-up routine based on dirty and profanity-filled humor that is simply atrocious. NOT Recommended!
5|13192|a great rendition of a great book. Nicholson is amazing as Randall Patrick MacMurphy. It's great to see him in this role before he became the hug celebrity he is today. excellent cast and just a fun movie overall.
5|9585|What a great change of pace from all the so-called realistic message movies where the goal of the filmmakers seems to be geared more toward political persuasion than entertainment. Bridget Jones Diary definitely qualifies as the later and, as an added bonus, even throws in a little bouquet of hopefulness for you to take home. You remember the kind of film I m talking about; the kind where you leave the theater discussing all the great lines and funny parts and don t feel you had to be dragged through a gutter or insane asylum for the price of your admission. The acting was excellent and Hugh Grant pretty much cracked me up throughout. Colin Firth was a wonderful discovery though I know I ve seen him before - this was the first time I really sat up and took notice of just what a really talented actor he is. I was ready to cringe before I heard Renee Zellweger attempt the accent. But I soon found I could relax since she did an excellent job with it well more than enough to sound convincing to fellow Americans like myself anyway. Even more impressive though was the overall outstanding work she did with her character. If you enjoy light romantic comedy and being delightfully entertained, Bridget Jones is an excellent choice.
5|8843|This is such a great movie but then again any thing with ben affleck in it is good.
1|11272|How anyone could give this more than two stars is beyond me. Starring the only actor less funny and talented than Adam Sandler.
1|5148|I can remember seeing The Borrowers in the movie theaters when it came out, and I didn't want to see it, but my friend dragged me out to it. I hated this movie. It was so god-awful and John Goodman's character was so annoying.
5|1867|A classic war movie, one of the best as far as WW2 flicks go. I really like Marvin as Major Reismen. This story is far feached, by I like it. One of the best as far as I'm concerned. Kudose to jaywilton, I forgot about Jim Brown in this one, I think Jefferson was his name.
5|17492|This has long been one of my three favorite films, along with Tarkovsky's ANDREI RUBLEV and Bergman's PERSONA. 8 1/2 is a milestone in cinema history and perhaps the quintessential modernist feature (to rip off Gerald Mast's A SHORT HISTORY OF THE MOVIES). In an objective list, it would inevitably come in third behind CITIZEN KANE and THE RULES OF THE GAME.
5|1697|Beautiful and different
1|19160|The beginning of the end for Romero's classic zombie flicks. All these Return Of... movies did was make a joke out of what was a truly creepy horror series. What a waste!
5|3080|Unlike my predecesors on this post, I know that this is the second in the series of mariachi movies, thus it is not as original as it may seem. I do love the movie though. Intense action as the mariachi hunts down the man who took away his livelyhood by shooting his woman and shooting him through his hand so that he could no longer play guitar. I will always be grateful to Robert Rodriquez for introducing America to Salma Hayek. ( Loved her here, but loved her more in Frida)
5|19497|I happen to love this movie and the sequels that followed. The twisted train of thought put into this has to be admired. Maybe the camera work was less than perfect, the lighting wasn't the best and the amatuer acting was difficult at times but the story will carry you to the end of the movie if you let it. This movie requires some thinking to follow and as you will read below, some people don't participate in that function while watching movies. It really is a great film and the sequels will leave you laughing and give you a little thrill as well.
1|8444|I really tried to like it but it's not funny. Worse than the first one.
1|7777|Aside from the ever-gleeful sight of seeing Adam Sandler decked by a man who knows family-friendly entertainment (Go, Bob Barker, legendary host of Price is Right!) or decked by anyone for that matter, this is yet another R-rated golf comedy that does know wrong and does no right. Avoid at all costs, except the scene where the stupid Sandler decked, of course.
1|12753|Just one of those movies to get everyone to vote for kerry. Plus, how could moore know anything about what bush did? he's a director. I only saw the beginning because i got bored with it.
1|1306|the most boring movie i have ever watched. i normally don't sleep while watching the middle of a movie or in this case the first 40 minutes.
1|19606|This movie did not make sense and it was pointless. I did not understand the plot.
5|23079|I am not even a Star Wars fan and I absolutely love this movie. I don't understand why people dislike this movie for the simple fact that it has a lot of special effects. I think it enchanced the movie and made things look more realistic myself. And the original Star Wars films probably would have had more computer-generized special effects back then if they had the technology to do so. I have to admit, the acting's not that great...especially with the little boy who plays Anakin. But that by no means prevented me from enjoying the movie...I don't go to see movies to judge people on their acting skills. The only big distraction was Jar Jar Binks...he was just plain annoying. To see the movie in theaters was breath-taking. During the pod racing scenes I got goosebumps...the rumble and roar in the theaters was incredible. People can bad-mouth this movie as long as they want, but they can't deny that the lightsaber battle at the end is one of the coolest scenes they have ever saw in a movie. And the music...oh man, the music is stunning. I had to buy the soundtrack to the movie right after I saw it. John Williams is an excellent composer. His use of chorus in this film really enchanced it. The chorus always signaled hidden danger, and triggered a sense of badness lurking about. One thing I like about this movie is that anyone can sit down and actually enjoy this. I know a lot of people can't sit down in front of The Empire Strikes Back and actually get into the movie...a lot of people who really aren't into sci-fi stuff get bored with it quickly. I have never seen a Star Wars film before I saw this, and I really liked it. My mom even enjoyed watching the movie. It doesn't have all that high-tech lingo that they use in the other Star Wars movies...that gets annoying after a while, especially if you have no idea what they are talking about. Anyways, a great movie, one of my favorites and I can't wait for the next one! Peace out :)
5|6846|It is very popular in my family, because of its weird humor. 
5|7580|Well, they done it again! Four years after their hilarious trammeling of King Arthur and his poor knights (Monty Python And The Holy Grail, 1974), the Brits John Cleese, Eric Idle, Graham Chapman, Michael Palin, Terry Jones and their expatriate American friend Terry Gilliam have a go at Biblical conventions. Widely condemned at the time of it's release (Indeed, banned in Ireland altogether-guess thats one thing the Catholics and Protestants were able to agree on!) as being sacriligious, it is apparent, after viewing the film, that such outcries came from people who never bothered to watch it first. This is nothing new now, and it was nothing new then. Anything that even hints at irreverence brings 'em out of the woodwork! The film concerns itself with Brian Cohen, a self-described Red Sea pedestrian , and his adventures in Roman occupied Judea circa 33 AD. Brian becomes involved with an anti-Roman resistance movement. When he is caught painting Romans Go Home in the forum one night by a soldier, who proceeds to punish him for his bad grammar (He is made to paint the phrase 100 times!), he is forced to flee into the marketplace. There, to blend in, he joins the many Messiahs vying for an audience, and gains a following, very much against his will. This proves to be his undoing, and he is undone as only the Pythons can undo it! Whereas Holy Grail was really a series of skits built around a central theme, Life Of Brian has a linear storyline. As always, there are flights of fancy and nonsequitur. It would not be a true Python film without these. But they are fewer, more controlled and integral here. The two movies are equally funny, but in different ways. This is a more polished, somewhat more restrained effort. All the familiar Python hallmarks are here: most of the women's parts are played by men in hilariously bad drag. Almost all of the roles are played by the six Pythons themselves, with support for some secondary roles and some crowd scenes. There are memorable (to say the least) interpretations of historical and biblical figures (Though those expecting mockery of Jesus will be disappointed: He appears once, in a long-shot, at the film's opening, delivering the Sermon On The Mount, and he is not the object of the scene's humor. The crowd, bickering amongst themselves is.). Michael Palin's Pontius Pilate, sounding for all the world like Elmer Fudd, is worth watching the film for, all by itself! You'll be cracking up over those scenes for days! ( What is funny about the name Biggus Dickus? I have a vewy gweat fwiend in Wome by the name of Biggus Dickus! ). The film climaxes with, to my knowledge, the only musical crucifixion on film, other than the one in Jesus Christ Superstar (1973), and this one is, I promise you, much funnier! 
1|5174|This was the worst basketball movie since The Air Up There .
5|22373|very good. The alien was very cool and the scene were the alien pops out of the guys chest was great. 
5|14819|This movie is innovative and imaginative. It brings together an excellent story with a visionary artistic side. It's entertaining and well paced.
5|7594|This is one of the best characters I have ever seen George Clooney play. I really appreciated him branching out.
1|8450|I trully can't believe this film was so popular. Even from the previews I could tell the jokes were purely sickening and just not funny. You would think they would learn their lesson after the first one.
1|7763|Adam Sandler sucks!
5|11961|I thought that this movie showed all kinds of genres and was very entertaining. It might be more of a chick flick because it was more emotional, but everyone did a great job on it! Must see!
1|12747|Sheer rubbish. An insult to the intelligence. A film that punishes you for actually know something.
5|319|One of the best movies that I've seen in a long time. To truly understand this movie you need to pay attention. In other words: If you have A.D.D. than don't bother with this one because you'll find yourself asking a lot of questions. But if you enjoy a good action/adventure epic with many scenes of graphic violence then this is the movie for you. But please do not confuse this movie with BraveHeart, only idiots that like to make generalizations would ever get the two confused.
5|20564|Classic. One of the best movies ever made. Yes the dance movies are great, yes the storyline is genius, yes Gene Kelly and Debbie Reynolds are wonderful, but it's Jean Hagen who makes this movie great.
1|1312|Not up to the level of Hong Kong martial arts movies
5|5383|I have loved this movie since I can remember, and it is still a holiday tradition at our home.
5|3094|Such a tragic, yet beautifully told story. It's about Nigeria being overtaken by rebels. It shows civilians being killed and it depicts how war really is.
1|12746|Pretty clear what the intent was, in that respect, the film failed to achive its goal... for the left that is.
1|8451|if i could i would get all the austin powers 2 vhs and dvd videos over at my house, take them out back and take a fat dump on all of them.
5|7595|i love this movie. i laugh so hard every time that i see it! i really like the part where they are singing for the blind guy...its great
5|14818|It's pretty disgusting but very good. It showed the dark side but it wasn't too much, and it wasn't like cheesy drug use movie. A good blend of everything.
5|22372|A very scary movie. This is one of the only movies that truly scares me. You have these people trapped out in space, out in the middle of nowhere, with this alien who's menacing and frightening look is only matched by its killer instinct.
5|1682|This was an excellent movie. It was very empowering for women. The fight scenes were awesome the love story was great. I highly recommend it to anyone.
1|3262|CRAP
1|24592|This movie was basically a carbon copy of something from the early 50's. Gwenyth Paltrow's character was as annoying as she was deceiptful and Sky Captain was pretty much Batman in a plane.
1|12020|?????
5|18950|Whenever I talk about Stigmata I always compare it to Devils Advocate by saying Devils Advocate scared the devil out of me, literally, but I still haven't figured out what Stigmata scared out of me. I originally thought that Stigmata was a movie about Devil posession, but found out that it was really about the corruption of the Catholic Church. This movie had a particular effect on me because I am Catholic, but I have always felt that their Doctrines are not in the best interest of the people, but rather those in power in the Church. Also, the movie was very scary because I believed that posession could only happen if your faith isn't strong, and Stigmata is about what happens when your faith reaches the ultimate level of where you actually begin to experience what Jesus went through in his last moments. After this movie, I feel pretty much screwed either way I go.
5|19496|Angela is also one of my favorite slasher killers. So original, so different from most of your standard issue horror movies of the 80's. She was just so misunderstood, she only wanted to have a good time with the happy campers.
5|18788|this is one of my favorite movies. it was funny seeing everyone freak out in the theater over some of the dumbest things. well it did get me in one part in the theater. i screamed out holy shite and i hurt my friends ear.
1|12034|I'm a fan of Ashton Kutcher and even I couldn't stomach this idiocy. What was wrose was how many inane catchphrases it created. A waste of film reel with nothing redeemable about it.
5|24071|Excellent movie, tons of action; a bit on the artsy side (okay, VERY artsy), but extremely well done. Takes place two thousand years ago in a war-torn China, where provinces vie for control over the land, particularly the ruler of Qin. Tyrants make many friends as well as many enemies, and this is the story of four such enemies/friends. What you would expect from the trailers don't come close to what you really get, it's a complete surprise. Even though some of the fight scenes are a little silly (a la Crouching Tiger), it's visually stunning, it's almost complete action all the way through. (Note: Stop here, spoilers ahead; if you don't care, then continue) I loved the multilayered take on the single story to show its many complexities. It's hard to describe how it's both simple and complex (with regards to storyline) simultaneously. It's very big on symbolism, particularly with color. It has a feel of a fable to it, though I don't know if it's based on anything historical/mythological. (the website suggests it's very loosely based on history, at least; go to http://www.herothemovie.com/ for more info.) Anyway, DEFINATELY worth watching. 
1|16252|Hated this movie. It was like going to a strangers high school reunion and listening to all their old stories. You just don't care about the stories or the people and it's BORING.
5|1696|I'm not sure if everybody will love this movie, but I know I did... I watched it two times in two days, the second time I paying a bit more attention to the music and other details.. BTW: The website is awesome !! You can even create your own trailer and send a copy of it to your friends... 
1|10623|What a bore fest this was it was not funny, it wasn't any thing. It just went on and on and was totally pointless. Avoid at all costs.
5|7581|This is easily the best comedy ever made. There isn't even another movie in Life Of Brian's rear view mirror. Chapman and the boys reached their pinnacle with this one.
5|22366|I am a BIG sci-fi lover so Alien immediately drew me in. With an awesome cast and a VERY memorable main character (the alien that is) this movie a veritable thrill ride. The action seldom takes a stop as Ripley, the main human character, is forced to save herself, her crew, and her cat. The wonderfully done alien in the movie is undoubtedly the most notable feature in this picture, as it tries to kill off each of the crewmembers. The thing I probable like the most about this movie is what I like about most movies like JAWS and Predator. That would be the fact that you dont see much of the monster till near the end. To me, constantly seeing the thing your running from just makes the sense of wonder leave the movie entirely. I have always loved the Alien saga, and the fist of the bunch is most defiantly a great one. I highly recommend this movie to all sci-fi lovers.
5|6847|Before I thought this movie was horrible. Then I watched it again, this time more closely. It has to be the best movie almost ever. It is very historically accurate and it has awesome jokes that make this movie very funny.
5|23078|cool visual effects, i can't wait fo da next one
5|5396|It's a WONDERFUL movie!
5|20571| Tremendous! This all tapping, ballet and jazz film is great and a must-see for all dance lovers. Gene Kelly, Iam proud to say is the greatest dancer in the entire world, a cute one too and a great singer at that also. Also starring Debbie Reynolds (mother of Princess Leia or more appropriately Carrie Fischer) is beautiful and amazing, considering she did not dance until this movie (Gene Kelly taught her for the movie). It's a fun-loving, tap, crazy film with romance and humour (especially from COSMO ). Go and c now!
1|8445|I really, really, really hate it when bad movies get a sequel and good ones don't. Austin Powers is a fool and so are the writers of this lowbrow, moronic comedy. I don't understand the appeal of this movie. The jokes are gross and what I call under-the-top, which means the situation is not played up for comedy in a clean way and resorts to the garbage can instead. Don't watch it.
5|4088|Just as good if not better than Toy Story.
1|5149|W-O-R-S-E M-O-V-I-E E-V-E-R!!! DON'T SEE THIS CRAPFEST!!! SO BOOOOORING
5|23050|you know what screw you if you don't like this movie don't get on the imdb message board and trash this movie 
5|8842|Loved it, never get tired of watching and hey it was filmed right here in texas!
5|13193|An all time classic emotional roller coaster!
5|3917|Very good release from Pixar/Disney.
1|9773|awful movie..
5|324|It's hard not to think of Russell Crowe's holier than thou attitude but he really shined in this movie. It almost rates up there with Ben Hur as a period flick but that chariot race can never be beat.
5|20559|this movie is one of my very favorites! The movie is about the silent screeen era that is on the brink of going to talkies.It is well acted, has some terrific dance numbers. It is very funny in parts.Actors trying to adapt to a microphone. Jean Hagens funny voice. Wonderful dance numbers. It is hard to believe that Debbie Reynolds had never danced before this movie. She did a good job in her role. I always enjoy watching Gene Kelly dance. and Donald O'Connor was great as well. I have lost count how many times I have seen this movie.
5|21647|I have been a Tolkein fan for many, many years. You could say that his writings truly had effect on my early years. So, when I heard they were making this set of movies, I was somewhat concerned for what would come of it. The first thing most people ask me is: Did they stick to the book. I have to say NO. But they were TRUE to the book. Peter Jackson did something I would not have thought of....he told the same story from a new perspective. Instead of backtracking and flashbacks like the books, Mr. Jackson has told the story forward, in chronological order. This has the effect of telling a familiar story in a new and exciting way, and being faithful to the telling. I have never walked out of a movie with the same feeling; this movie has even replaced The Matrix in my book. It was incredible....and it wasn't NEARLY long enough!!! There is only one seen that I wish was not included, so I could feel secure taking my 12 year old to the movie. When they are calling for the Orcs from the Earth Womb , well, I think she would have nightmares for a month. The movie is expertly done, not a bit of foul language, and not gory/bloody. It is truly a moving experience.
5|442|This movie was filled with a lot of great action, and even though it dealt with a different time period, the audience could still keep attention. It also had a lot of suspense to it which made you want to finish watching the movie.
1|11515|Is this the fate of TV comedy in ten years? This disguisting waste of film didn't deserve to be made, especially into a useless sequel. These sex-centered teen movies show what teens shouldn't do. Whatever happened to good old clean comedy? Now, I'm no prude, but is anything besides sex funny? Of course it is! Take a look at Beverly Hillbillies, I Love Lucy on TV or Toy Story 2, Some Like it Hot as far as Movies. Rated R, which is an underrate in my opinion.
5|15290|I saw The Green Mile two weeks ago and thought this was the best movie I have seen since Saving Private Ryan . Then I saw Hurricane and I had a new most recent Favorite. If Denzel does not get an Oscar for this it would be a travesty. Just as Ruben Hurricane Carter's book acted as the catalyst for his freedom and this movie, his movie has inspired me to read his book and learn more about his amazing life.
5|1872|A war movie. Twelve excons form a group called the Dirty Dozen to execute a suicide mission in the heart of Nazi Germany during World War II. Humorous and witty dialogue. The excons become human beings again. One of the greatest war movies of all time with great acting, plot and dialogue.
1|14479|stupid picture. stupid actrees.
1|13316|Mr. Spealberg, please, stop doing that films. I only liked the first 20 minutes.
5|16799|oh, god i loved this movie, I was only twelve when i saw it and it wowed me, i just love Sally Feilds 
5|21135|Life changing film. Exemplifies conflict between popular culture and religious fever. The music is a compilation of 80's classics. Timeless movie of teen angst. It deals with, through dance and popular rock music, the meta structure of small town religious mentality changes.
5|456|Just as exiting as the other Indy movies. Loved the special effects and plot!
5|3903|Well before I donned my first pair of Mouse Club ears, I considered myself a life-long fan of Empire Disney. That sincere devotion included everything from Disneyland to my Mickey Mouse watch. Yet, for a very long span of years, I had all but given up on ever being truly entertained by one of their feature length cartoons. While I felt the Disney creative geniuses never really lost their edge or ability to produce high quality, state of the art animated films, for awhile that was all they really had - the form without the substance. Then came The Lion King and I had to completely re-evaluate my position. I know there were some critically acclaimed films preceding this one by a few years, but not since the days before the death of Walt Disney (1966) had I seen it all come together in such a winning combination of beautiful music, classic compelling story, drama and humor. The selection of voices for the animal characters was also excellent and Jeremy Irons in particular was a standout as the embittered, evil Scar. I still crack up when I think of his droll delivery of the line You have nooo idea! I was not in the least surprised when I heard it had been turned into a successful live musical as well. The Lion King is an excellent addition to either adult or children's video collection.
5|330|you have to watch this movie. some may say its historically incorrect or completely unrealistic but the truth is that unless you're a cynical professional critic you'll love it.
5|23044|What a shocker! This is one of the few movies that has actually exceeded the hype. This is a must see. I can't wait for the Incredible Hulk in 2003.
5|9590|I haven't seen it yet, but can't wait to. Great Cast (Renee Zelweger and Hugh Grant are one of the best). I'll give it a five, just because I know it's gonna be good.
5|13187|I found this movie to be brilliant. I was actually surprised at how good it was, because I randomly picked it up while searching for films to rent, not expecting much from it. It's definitely my favorite film of all-time.
5|1127|Scarface. A classic. One of the best original gangsta movies of all time. I can never get tired of seeing it over and over again.
5|14603|This movie gives people a real glimpse into the world of the underpriviledged. It shows the pressures put onto young black men and the temptations they face. It also shows the way of life, when the promising football guy gets shot.
5|6648|This movie is for anyone who is accused of being crazy(and isn't).Charles Boyer and Ingrid Bergman are at their best.
5|16014|What an incredibly beautiful movie! I was in love with this movie from the moment I saw the trailer and only fell deeper in love once I saw it. I wish I was seeing it again right now. :) Parts of this movie seem more like a dream than a movie, a really really interesting and inspiring dream. The symbolism in this movie is at once beautiful and debateable. Although all the characters in this film are interesting, certainly the two most engaging are the leads ...Largeman(Braff) and Sam(Portman) with the most alluring being Portman's character Sam. What a sweet, fun, and all around awesome character this was ... one of my fav movie characters ever! Portman's talent certainly had a lot to do with the believability of this role. She might be becoming quite the little scene stealer after all! Zach Braff was good in his role too but it's hard to shine too much when your character is only just now coming out of a drug induced state of numbness ... makes the acting, well, kinda numb! :) In that case, he played his part well. But regardless of Portman stealing the scenes she was in with him, he should be proud, really really proud. Because even when I was mesmerized by the charcter of Sam and Portman's portrayal of her, I still found myself pondering the amazing talent of Zach Braff who wrote, directed, and starred in this film! How awesome is that?! And what a beautiful movie he made! I can't wait to see what he does next! The music in this movie is also extremely good, great soundtrack, I listen to it a lot. So... In short, go see the movie AND buy the soundtrack, you won't be sorry.
5|5341|this was a great movie. i had to watch it in high school and i remember going oh my god this is gonna suck. i am glad i watched. gregory peck is one of the best.
1|927|Jaws is about as scary as Killer Clowns from Outer Space. A complete waste of cinema...don't bother...
5|18039| This film is not only a brilliant horror movie but a movie with a message. Alot of films just go for the cut em up a splash blood on the drapes sort of scare. Carrie however does not. She brings us a lesson. We all can identify with Carrie but we can also identify with those who treat Carrie like crap. We all need to learn to treat everyone with respect no matter how odd they might appear. Not only is it good karma but also that person could trap you inside your senior prom and burn you alive. Carrie does delivere alot of death and mayhem for those whos soul purpose for watching horror is gore and nudity. But for those who care to dig deeper there is much more than meets the eye. 
1|12785|I don't plan on seeing this because I don't see the point. After Moore's performance at last years Oscars I lost all respect for this idiot. This country is probably facing one of its toughest battles, I am talking about the war against terrorisim. Does every one remember 9/11 or was that some kind of Republician stunt, I think not. this moron is using to forward his agenda.
5|5427|It's a great feel--good movie. I can't wait until Christmas time to see it again and again.
1|22120|A too long videoclip devoid of any sense of humour, acting or cinematography. Someone went berserk with computer FX, but didn't get them right. I've seen computer games that had better graphics and textures. A lot of computer games, really. No plot to speak of, no script. NOT a movie;
5|10303|Great movie, with some hysterical moments. Jim Carrey is great in this movie. I'd recommend you skip the sequel though.
5|19441|judge this movie purely on the first time you see it, and it is a classic(just think of your thoughts when you first watched it), there was no demon coming back after they killed him. he just got what he wanted and won(and i jumped a couple of times. the only thing that dissapointed me about it was that i waited so long to see it. 
1|24551|One of the top ten worst movies I've ever seen. Great cast, but no chemistry between them. Just completely ridiculous.
5|1899|This movie is great. The action graphics and the special effects are just great. Nice story plot, too.
5|12514|Great movie. Have you noticed that all of the negative ratings were by people who haven't even seen the movie? It's amazing how homophobic closeted people are.
5|8103|This is uummmm... like ... a great movie, man... Made me wanna go blowin'.. err...bowlin', that is... 
5|7230|Great movie! The scene where Steve Martin flips out on the car rental lady is classic.
5|23911|I have to give this a five just because I'm in love with the story. But where did the makers go wrong (other than hiring the screenplay writer!)? I think it is with the audience. The people who go to see movies today are not the type who can handle a gritty literary/historical saga such as this one. They want their heroes to be clean-cut good guys, and it goes against Achilles' nature to be put in such a non-ambiguous role. He is supposed to be the hero you have to admire for his sheer worth as a warrior and his grief at Patroclus' death, but at the same time hate him for being so pig-headed, and for killing Hector, his honorable foil. But I think that audiences who would prefer to be dazzled rather than made to think could not handle a hero as complex as Achilles. Which was too bad. My other complaint was Paris. By the end of the movie I was desperate to see him get his come-upance---but it never came! Instead, he becomes Legolas to Achilles' Boromir, only this time they're on opposing sides. And Menelaus? He's supposed to survive, and totally unexplicably forgive Helen for everything she's done him! My explanation for this not turning out---the audience would once again not be able to handle a softening, if that is what causes this unusual conclusion to Helen's bit of the epic, of the bad guy's heart. 
5|1641|Greatest martial arts film in history.
5|14165|It is hard to rate this movie. There are so many disturbing things about 'Boys Don't Cry' that it makes it hard to say it is Great! On the other hand, it is done so well, as disturbing as it is, I have no choice but to rate it a 5. The story about a girl who is really a boy inside (but born with girl parts) goes to a new town, as a boy and discovers love with a young girl. The acting is amazing. I forgot that she was a he. The movie was put together in all aspects. The director did a great job.
5|7224|Those are not pillows!!!
5|14171|I saw Boys Don't Cry on campus and I really liked the movie. The topic was fresh and the acting was very convincing. I thought that it did not try to sugarcoat what is obviously a very emotional topic, and this made Boys Don't Cry, stick in my mind as a powerful movie.
5|5433|One of the all time greats, a classic movie, don't make em like that anymore!!!
5|10317|I love this movie even though I am not a big fan of Jim Carey. This movie is sooooo funny! I have seen it a lot with my best friend but, we still crack up through most of the movie.
5|11009|I chose this item because it was a fun movie that all family members should enjoy. Comedy like this is what the new age culture is all about.
5|18993|It is one of the best horror movies in my opinion. It had a story to tell, had lots of action, and even some emotions to it. I loved it!
5|3042|Shaft is outstanding, doing justice to the character in the book and the original series. The hand-over from Richard Roundtree to Samuel L. was handled very well, without getting sappy and without relying on the old man to fix everything. The casting was excellent, and the actors played their parts well. The writing was a little predictable (especially the You killed my brother bit). A lot of great one-liners are laid down with precision timing. The gunplay was handled professionally, with only a couple of very obvious mistakes (Semi-auto handguns don't go click click when the slide is locked back, and the Kahr (excellent choice, BTW) only holds 7 rounds in the mag and one in the chamber...in the scene running from the house Shaft pops off 9+ rounds without reloading. But, on par, they did a good job showing him going empty and reloading the firearm. The final error I would note is that, after being shot in the chest at close range, Vanessa R. would not be running around like nothing happened...vests impede bullets, but you still get a heck of a punch in the sternum) An all-around cool movie, and Samuel L. is a bad Mother. NOTE: This is a Samuel L. film; expect blood, violence, guns, and more blood. 
5|16000|Hits you like a hammer. A great, great piece of art!
5|10471|Have given this movie a five because it gives you what you want - a funny, engaging, film that leaves you satisfied that you paid your money to watch. With some movies you are waiting for the laughs to materialise but this film has a high quota, both visual and in the dialogue and some clever editing/storytelling to keep the plot moving apace. In this film you start off liking the characters and by the end you are rooting for them in all their travails in life, be it retrieving the sex video or getting laid. There are some funny subplots too such as Tom Green's attempt to feed the snake and the girl's trip to Boston instead of Austin. The writers have used the premise of If we could do anything we wanted and get away with it what would we do? and so we see the theft of a Blind School's bus, an all-black fraternity house, masturbation, and car jumping. It's all good fun and so I would recommend to watch this film....although not with your parents!
5|1133| Say hello to my little friend. If you don't know where that came from you are not from this planet. Whether you hated the movie or loved it you know that came from Tony Montana(Al Pacino). This movie made everybody want to be Scarface. It has it all; action, drama, and the American dream. A true movie masterpiece.
5|13178|The perfect vehicle for Jack Nicholson and his most memorable performance, bar none. He simply is Randell P. McMurphy, the only one who dares to question the authority of the powers that be (mainly Louise Fletcher who plays the villainess, Nurse Ratched) in the state mental hospital where the convicted child molester McMurphy is hiding out from the manual labor jobs visited upon him in the "real" prison. You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll live and die with the disturbed con-artest played by Nicholson, who, in reality, appears to be much better adjusted than the staff and volunteer patients that share his wing in the psychiatric center.
5|12266|hehhe, loved this movie, couldnt stop laughing. 5 stars greatest movie ever oscar winner wooo
1|20045|The whole movie gave me a complete headache.The movie was so ultra-boring and the ending was like a wtf ending.
5|7542|Fantastic Movie- Good story, script, acting and very humorous... ..... 
5|6884|neep neep
5|21684|A classic tale of light against darkness, and how light always wins. A very timeless movie that has lasted through two generations.
5|11747|Norm MacDonald is hilarious with Artie Lange
5|4063|i didnt think a sequel of a kids movie could outshine the first and this one did. i hope theres a 3
5|2412|This movie is one of my favorites. It deals with romance and adventure, two things that generally are hard to find in movies. My whole family loves it.
5|17336|Okay, okay, not exactly heavy on story line, but the film making is amazing! God is in the details!!
5|23093|Although not as powerful as the original 3 movies, Lucas does a great job with the special effects and scenery in this movie. The landscape, not to mention Natalie Portman, are beautiful. All the other cast members, Liam Nesson, Ewan McGregor, and Ray Parks are perfectly casted. Jar Jar Binks however, deserves to die.
5|8881|Back in what I now call my stoner days 'Up in Smoke' was a favorite. I have seen this movie so many times but for some odd reason I have a hard time remembering it. What I remember of it, is that it is a really funny movie about the wonders of pot. Cheech and Chong protray the stereotypical stoner perfectly. It is even better if you are on their level when you watch the movie.
5|9547|I'm not sure how I lasted so long without seeing this movie, but it just turned out that way. After hearing friends of mine rave about it, quote from it ( Did you get the digits? ), and compare themselves to characters in the movie, I was kind of expecting the worst. Swingers is in fact an amazing movie - and oddly touching. It's a guys' movie through and through, and does a very believable job of portraying how single guys act and act towards each other - without falling into the trap of beer commercial stereotypes. Definitely a movie to rent for your buddy who is coming off of a rough break up. Five stars.
5|13150|Possibly the only time in Hollywood history that a film sequel measures up to (or, in some ways, surpasses) the original, Francis Ford Coppolla's "The Godfather Part II" (1974) will go down in history as one of the greatest films of all time. With his masteriece, "The Godfather" (1972)properly rewarded by audiences, cirtics, and the Academy, Coppolla set out, in very short order, to both provide a follow-up and a prequel that would do the original justice. To that end, he hit on all cylanders. Possibly the most difficult job for the director was to cast an actor capable of giving the same sort of understated, yet powerful performance that garnered a much-deserved (whether he wanted to accept it or not) Academy Award for Marlon Brando as Don Vito Corleone. He struck absolute gold with a young Robert DeNiro. Deniro, as young Vito, was so good, and so convincing that he was able to win the Best Supporting Actor Award while hardly uttering a word of his performance in English. THe tale begins in the present and through the use of flashbacks, allows the audience an in depth study into the makings of a family business and the lenths at which the heads of the family will go to both obtain and protect their power. AL Pacino leads returning original cast members (Robert Duvall, Diane Keaton, Talia Shire, John Cazale...) through the sequences that see the seventies version of the Corleone family dole out heavy doses of vengeance and retribution to all who have and continue to cross the line that interferes with the family's "business." All of the principals are again exquisite but I personally was held rivited by the flashback scenes featuring DeNiro as an honest, hard-working immigrant who learns, through his exposure to the reality of the streets, that he must take control of his situation if he is ever to realize his ambition. A fantastic picture from beginning to end and well worth endless repeat viewings. In an era that is less character based and more special effects driven, we owe it to ourselves the indulgence that these sort of classic films may give us. Novels come to life are far more engrossing than the sort of comic book characters that are feasted upon by the audiences of today.
5|6112|Ben Hur is the classic tale of one man's spiritual quest and the hell he had to endure to complete it. It is also a deeply moving and masterful tribute by author Lew Wallace to faith, love and salvation as well as one of the best and most enduring examples of Christian fiction ever written. I'm not a big Heston fan, but I have to admit he really did an excellent job in this film. In what was possibly the best role of his career he took Judah Ben Hur on a very believable journey from the lofty heights of a wealthy aristocrat to the depths of a galley slave and back again. I watch this movie every time I have a chance and each time I do I find it - and especially the final scenes - as moving as I did the first time.
5|9221|I remember this being a killer movie. The topic of suicide is a serious one; I like how they dealt with it. Christian Slater was good here, like in Pump Up the Volume.
5|481|It's one of those movies that has everything that actually predates TITANIC
5|17450|The movie is about the mystery of identity in a violent clan based social order rather a simple war movie. It is evocative and beautifully done.
1|15968|[Update: I did finally see the whole movie. To prevent people from buying or renting it...The Movie goes like this...All the Dogvillians treat outsider Nicole Kidman like crap and eventually get to to the point where all the men-folk chain her to the bed and rape her...except for the dude who truly loves her (even though he is an absolutely pathetic idiot). The stupid Dogvillians end up calling the gangsta to get her daughter, knowing that they will probably kill her. Well, turns out, Nicole Kidman is the daughter of the Gangsta who she hates and is running away from. But she hates the Dogvillians even more. Gangstas kill everyone in Dogville and burn the town down. Nicole Kidman personally kills the idiot so-called boyfriend who did nothing to help her. The End. [Original Post] I went to Blockbuster last night. All the Van Helsing's were checked out so it was either Dogville or Envy. I picked poorly. If just one humanoid reads my review and avoids renting or viewing Dogville, I will feel that RateItAll serves some purpose to mankind. Dogville was truly horrid; it was more like Dog Pile. I'll get to that in a second. The pretentious and rich Brie, Chianti, and Latte Liberals who drive huge Hummers to the Sundance Festival (yet object to common families driving SUVs) praise this anti-American dreck to no end. And why is it that every movie that airs at Sundance truly sucks. Am I that much out of touch with the Pseudo-Intelligentsia who down our country at every turn, yet invest heavily in Defense stocks. Dogville also did well at Cannes; but considering the even more seditious Fahrenheit 911 won Palm D'Or, that doesn't say much. Dogville is something like Our Town, except it sucks. I'm sure the poseurs and artsy-fartsy phonies marvel at the naturalistic setting where instead of a mean barking dog, the word Dog is written on the floor and supposed to represent the purportedly mean canine. The story deals with a miserable little village called Dogville (symbolic of America), where people are mean and talk real slow and stupid-like (symbolic of Americans). Nicole Kidman drops into a town as a Bimbo running from Gangsters (I think she is a symbol of the enlightened foreigner, but who cares). The cast is pretty good with Kidman, Lauren Bacall, Paul Bettany and others who should have known better. But despite the big-buck cast, the movie has a feel of high school thespians reading off cue cards. Boredom and Tedium bludgeons you from opening credits. My wife, no kidding, was KO'd to sleep by the movie in the first 5 minutes. It took me three days to suffer through it. I would fall in and out of repose only to be bored back into somnelescence again by the dreadfully stultifying and sonorous dialogue. At first, no one does anything interesting or exciting. The first viewing of it, after about 45 minutes, I pulled the plug on the movie to watch the Auburn-Mississippi game (far more intellectually stimulating). Then the movie goes from boring to disturbing and depressing. Supposedly the Danish dude who made this flick is making an allegory to how awful and rotten we Americans are, particularly in our treatment to outsiders. I guess the Danish dude thinks we ugly Americans should be more cordial to Arab terorrists after they butcher 3,000 of us. God, this movie really stinks. Anybody who says they like it also thinks Friends is funny, You can't be too gay, and 911 transpired because we had it coming. Hopefully, Van Helsing will be available next week.
5|2360|I love Tom Cruise anyway and he just made this movie especially great. I think that all the technology in this movie is amazing.
5|495|This movie is in my personal top ten. the chemistry between Robert DeNiro and Joe Pesci is not unlike Humphrey Bogart and James Cagney, a perfect pairing. But Pesci steals the scene as a ruthless gangster,as he did in Casino
5|17444|A great, influential film from Kurosawa.
1|24579|Oh George...what were you thinking? This film made no sense at all. Where was the story again? In this film set in outer space, Clooney finds that he has come in contact with his deceased wife, and has to cope with everything going on around him. What I didn't understand is why he didn't want her back, even though he loved her so much. Clooney was totally forced.
5|15253|I felt so bad for this poor guy (Szpilman)! Adrien Brody did an excellent job. Roman Polanski painted a very vivid and disturbing picture of what WWII was like. A great movie...
5|7218|A must-see for every beer-swilling, die-hard, frat boy. Ultimate college movie.
5|1669|I was distresssed to see people on this comment board who didn't like the flying of the characters. The idea that martial artists can expand their ki (Japanese name for energy ) or chi (Chinese name) and achieve magical powers is a very old myth in Asian literature and film. People who say they didn't like Lee's movie because it included Chinese legend are simply too ignorant to know what that legend is, or what the study of chi gong is, or is for. Americans can be soooo quick to judge other culture's traditions, myths and legends! The First Amendment allows Americans to say whatever the want, but doesn't protect the rest of us from people saying what they like or don't based on their ignorance....
5|23087|It's Star Wars! Phantom Menace could've been Jar Jar Binks humming the theme from Love Boat for 2 hours and I still would've given it a 5. I don't know a single person that only paid to see Phantom Menace once. Most paid to see it 3-7 times. I myself would never reveal how many times I paid to see it in the theater, because I'd be setting myself up as the biggest loser on earth. Let's just say I saw it in the theater somewhere between 1 and 26 times. Do the math yourself.
5|8895|This movie isnt for everyone,but if you enjoy weird english humor and pikie accents, then youll enjoy this flick by Guy Ritchie. Definently top ten material.
5|6660|Considered to be an essential classic outside the English-speaking world (where it was cut and poorly dubbed upon its release), the Leopard is a brilliant depiction of Italian/ Sicilian aristocracy in decline and of the rising bourgeoisie. Despite being very long and slow-moving, the film is beautiful to watch and makes interesting philosphical reflections both at the political and personal level. Burt Lancaster gives a majestic performance (one of his very best) as the aging aristocrat who must come to terms with changing values and social structures. Not for die-hard action fans, but a great movie nevertheless!
5|13144|One of the most moving movies I have ever seen.
5|9553|Swingers is one of my favorites of all-time and the first movie I actually purchased. It is brilliantly written by Jon Favreau who originally wrote it so that he and his friends would have a movie to star in. As another reviewer, Ruby, said, this isn't laugh out loud funny. Instead, any guy who watches the movie will see that just about every scene hits home in some way. Vince Vaughn steals the movie as Trent, a guy who women want to sleep with and guys want to be friends with. Fellas, if you haven't seen this film, check it out. Your girlfriend won't like it as much as you do, but it will make up for all of the times she made you sit through all of those chick-flicks.
5|21690|If Lucas weren't making the other six movies, ever, this would be the fitting end to the best trilogy in existence. Fulfills Jungian archetypes and leaves a sense of hope for humanity, and intelligent species.
5|4077|I can't believe they outdid the original! WOW!
5|21848|One of my favorite movies of all time. Michael J. Fox is a terrific actor. Part 2 is not on this list which I even like just a little more... but nevertheless this movie is incredibly unique and satisfying.
5|5369|I never get tired of watching this movie. Utterly fascinating to see how women haven;t changed that much over the decades. Georgous costumes, funny dialogue, sheer delight to immerse yourself in this movie.
5|2406|Yet another man who got what he deserved. I sound like a man hater. More torture would have been good though.
5|17322|This was a great movie. One of the few movies that captures the Deutsche experience in world war two, showing that most Germans went to war for the same reasons that the Americans ans Brits went to war,: To serve their country.
5|19858|I liked it...so thats why i gave it the score i did
1|12222|Shockingly bad. I went in with high expectations and left wanting to sue the theater for my money back. I realize the support cast carried Romano on Everybody Loves Raymond, but you really get the feeling of how much of a dud he is when you suffer through this flick.
5|2189|This movie is a classic. All Lethal Weapon movies are like 24 hours of an explosion. Non-stop action for this movie.
5|20001|Freakfest. I loved every minute of it.
1|24790|The Damned being the poor sods who sat through this, no doubt.
5|17875|It was extreemly scarey, and the main reason behind it is that there is no soundtrack. It was banned in my country for quite a while (years)!. but still it scares me . 
5|23508|In my opinion, the greatest sci-fi remake... The ending is superb.
5|6489|humor,action,great story, great acting,beautiful cinematography,and handsome cast!what,s not to love about this movie?
5|9962|who ever chose terrible are fuc#$#$ stupid
1|3706|Yikes, I'm amazed at what people find enjoyable. I felt like standing up and asking the entire crowd, 'How can you think this is good?' Story line was so idiotic! Save yourself some time, get a poster of Brad and Julia and stare at it for 90 minutes, you'll be better off. 
1|7560|Holy Grail was way better.
5|21479|I first saw Star Wars about 6 years ago, and was instantly transfixed by it . The effects are spectacular, and the story is so interesting. If me and Boonta23 were in a Star Wars trivia contest, we would be unstopable!!
5|20767|This is a classic cult film. You've got singing, sex, and transvestites. All Star cast features Tim Curry, Susan Surandon, and Meatloaf. This, of course, is to be accompanied with audience participation. Throw things, yell, have fun.
1|12550|I could NEVER watch this movie. I saw the trailer for it, and I couldn't watch it. I don't get scared easily, but it's when I'm in bed with the lights out, that everything I watched during the day comes back to haunt me. I was terrified for three days after just watching the trailer. I don't like demonic movies, because unlike normal horror, this is actually real. This could happen.
5|22164|matrix makes me feel so alive!!!!!
1|20284|This is by far the worst movie I have seen so far in 2003! I would have walked out of this one had my date not asked me to stay. I mean honestly people, do not waste your time. The previews look really, really good. But it is nothing like them ! It is depressing, and downright gross.
1|3712|Wastes alot of talent. Bad plot. Samuel L Jackson will act in anything.
5|22602|Very well done. I grew up watching and reading X-men. So I was very satisfied with how this was done. The cast was perfect with one or two exceptions. I was pleased that they decided to keep Magneto's origin. Since that is his main reason for despising mankind. But like all comic book movies it wasn't exactly like the comic. But considering that fictional characters have been turned into flesh abd blood actors it is easy to forgive these faults. I expect the same satisfaction from the sequel.
5|12919|This is definitely one of the best movies, uhhhhh..... ever. Entertaining and thought-provoking. I saw the movie, then read the short little story that created the three hours. Maybe because I already knew the story, but the movie was better than the book. Not many movies do that. It actually made me want to become a penologist improving America's prison system.
5|1494|This movie is great! I've seen it like a zillion times and never tire of it. The acting is good, the little boy Shorty is adorable, and Willie, the love interst was hysterically funny.
1|12236|It sucked big time!
5|668|This is one crazy movie. It gives the viewer an inside look at what boot camp for the Marines is like. There are moments where your mind will be blown away by what has just happened. This movie never ceases to amaze.
5|20015|MONEY MONEY
5|17861|The Shining (1980) is simply one of the greatest horror movies. Kubrick did a phenomenal job at creating a very frightening movie. I don't care what King says -- this movie is fantastic. The camera angles were very spooky... and of course Jack Nicholson. Great dialogue with the ghost bartender. Lots of moments that will make your hairs stand... Come play with us Danny! 
5|12931|Amazing movie.
5|23534|This one was so cool and in ways it was better than the first one.
5|19864|One of my favs. Never get sick of it. I love Allison's character and her brother was sooo cute.A good sequel.
5|5802|We had to read the play for school and I think it was really fun getting in to the characters.
5|21323|The story was silly and pointless but the singing of the Bee Gees saved the whole thing. They made it worthwhile
5|17849|Kubrick seems to be very good at suspense, and the mental torture of the characters is fantastic. The scene that always sticks in my mind is when you have the huge wave of blood crashing down the corridor. An excellent film with brilliant acting.
5|898|I still can't sleep well at night.
5|20983|The best coming of age story about a young girl who falls in love with a rebel who is against everything that had been part of her world before she met him. The dancing gives the story a great twist, to show how the love between Johnny and Baby develops. It adds a sensual quality to the movie and concludes with a major dance scene that brings everything together.
5|126|Silence of the Lambs is high on my list of greatest movies ever made. Next to the Exorcist and Shining, definently one of the best horror/thriller films. Anthony Hopkins became my favorite actor after I saw this movie because his performance was the most breathtaking of it's kinda I had ever seen. And I've yet to come across anything to rival it(I didn't see Hannibal. I read the book and thought it was disgusting. I didn't want anything to tarnish my memories of Anthony's performance or the movie.) It was just so masterfully crafted, every syllable of every word he spoke, every little time he blinked or moved his eyes, every little, rare gesture he ever made- although what made this Hannibal guy so damn scary was that he didn't move. He stood perfectly still and always gave the observer this tense sort of-when-is-he-going-to-jump-up-and-eat-somebody feeling. You kept expected him to do something like that...but he never did. Not when you expected it, anyway. That, I think, is what made the scene with the guards near the end so amazingly frightening. He became almost this animal after a whole movie of never moving, never doing anything untoward. He became likable, even, this genius sociopathic murderer. His great line about the census taker still gives me chills to this day. I could write forever about the brilliant nuances of Hannibal Lecter, but I'm commenting on the movie as a whole, so I guess that will have to wait for another time. Jodie Foster, too, gave an excellent performance, what with that West Virginia accent and her heartfelt descriptions of the screaming lambs. Something that makes this movie so brilliant though, was that besides the chaotic exchanges between Clarice and Hannibal, there was actually a really frightening almost side story about the serial killer, Buffalo Bill. Clarice's scenes in his house were so chilling, they stay with me (as does a great amount of things from this movie) to this day. Johnathan Demme did an amazing job interpreting Ted Tally's outstanding screenplay and gave a such a dark, creepy air to the whole movie. Silence of the Lambs is one of those few movies that you can watch 20 times and still get scared. If you haven't seen it, firstly-are you crazy?! do you live under a rock? and secondly, go see it!!!!! You will enjoy it, I promimse you.
5|9786|Very funny. I loved every act, from Steve, Bernie, Cedric, and D.L. They all had funny material and it kept me laughing the whole two hours.
5|13385|brilliantly directed and very funny!
5|9792|I haven't laughed so hard to a movie in a long time. Their humor was very entertaining and it points out very funny realities. They are bad but it is funny.
5|20997|Dirty Dancing is my favorite alltime music movie. Both the film and soudtrack are fantastic.
5|10854|can you say funny?
1|23969|This is one of the worst Star Trek movies yet. It features terrible acting, little/no storyline, and also no accuracy within the Star Trek world. Unfortunately, this movie could be made by monkeys without typewriters.
5|132|How disturbing this film is. Ten years after it's release, it can still keep the viewer on the edge of his/her seat. A serial killer (Ted Levine), nicknamed Buffalo Bill by the press because he likes to skin his humps , is kidnapping young women, removing portions of their skin and dumping their bodies. Promising F.B.I. trainee Clarice Starling (Jody Foster) is recruited to help find out why. In an attempt to gain insight into the murderer's motivations, Starling interviews incarcerated psychopathic psychiatrist Dr. Hannibal The Cannibal Lecter (Anthony Hopkins), himself convicted of a series of hideous crimes involving murder and cannibalism. The doctor agrees to help Starling, but the information he offers comes at a price. For each piece of insight he gives her, she must answer his probing questions about herself and her past. In order for Starling to see the inside of Buffalo Bill's mind, she must open her own to Lecter's hungry probing. This is not a mystery. Very early on in both the film and Thomas Harris's novel from which it is taken, we are made aware of the killer's identity and motivations. Neither is it a police procedural. The mechanics of detection are incidental to the story's true focus, as is the character of Buffalo Bill himself. The film's central focus is the relationship between Starling and Lecter, and it raises some basic questions about evil itself. By it's nature, the printed page is able to deal with things much more explicitly, unconstrained by time or the necessities of literal presentation. Therefore, what is dealt with in an explicit manner in the novel- Do you think I am evil, Agent Starling? -is made implicit and far more subtle in Ted Tally's excellent screenplay. It is conveyed indirectly and brilliantly through the interaction between Starling and Lecter. It is conveyed as much through their eyes as any words they speak. It is conveyed through a monster's finger, suddenly human and gentle for just a moment as it caresses the hand of a woman. Is Hannibal Lecter evil? Maybe. Is he a pure psychopath , as the doctor in charge of his case asserts? Almost certainly. Is he falling in love with the young woman whom he initially saw as nothing more than an opportunity to relieve his boredom by indulging in a little psychological torture? Well.... The acting in this film is uniformly excellent. Everything about it, from the writing on down to the haunting score, works together to draw the viewer in quickly. The climax, in which Starling blindly stalks the killer in his dark basement while he, in turn, stalks her with the advantage of night-vision goggles, is one of the scariest on film. Watch this one with the lights off! 
5|20029|I liked it!
5|5816|A masterwork. Flawless script, brilliant cinematography and editing, incredible performances. Not surprising that with a first film this incredible that Welles could never equal it. Arguably the greatest film ever. UPDATE: Seraph, not to be unkind, but the movie is meant for adults, not for teenagers.
5|12925|This is one I can watch about once a year. It has to be a good movie for me to watch it more than once in a lifetime. Loved the ending.
1|11703|Essentially, it boils down to two 30 year old children getting into a fight over a parking space. The only good part was when Joe came to his senses. I expected more from Tim Allen.
5|14367|As a person with some retired habits of a highly questionable nature, I feel comfortable informing you that this film does justice to the desperation and hopelessness of heroin addiction. The movie comes from the book by Hubert Selby, Jr. Jennifer Connelly and Ellen Burstyn give exceptional performances. This was as uncomfortable as I have been while watching a movie since seeing A Panic In Needle Park. It was so powerful that I didn't realize I had seen a great motion picture until much later in the evening. One of those films that makes you feel like you need a shower immediately after viewing.
5|1443|The blood was meant to be overboard and comical. Q, as annoying a person he is, is a genius when it comes to making movies.
1|16087|This movies gives chick flicks a bad reputation.
5|13408|Very interesting movie. Quite long but very entertaining.
5|15079|The movie that made me realize that Catherine Zeta Jones would be going places. Great performance.Great movie.
1|24753|Boring garbage featuring a worse than normal performance from Stallone. (Which is saying a lot.) So dull it should have been called "Judge Fred." 
5|867| Sixth Sense is my all time favorite horror movie. I watch horror movies all the time, so it takes a lot for a movie to make me jump. Sixth Sense not only made me jump, but had me crying for my mom and gripping my best friends hand throughout the entire movie. From the moment the guy is in Bruce Willis' bathroom, to the end where Haley's character is in the car with his mom at an accident scene, you are petrified with fear. I was so scared after the movie that I had to read happy children's books, and sleep in bed with my sister with the light on all night. I've never been that scared after a movie. I think the reason the movie had such an effect on me because I've always felt that there are beings around us at all times, we just can't see them.
5|10667|How could anyone not like this movie? It's a buddy flick with an intelligent plot and a cast of the finest up-and-coming actors of that time. Funny, touching and well worth seeing.
1|24035|This movie was deplorable in every aspect! From the slow boring beginning to the overly predictable ending, I could barely sit still through this movie. As tempted as I was to fastforward through the entire thing, I FORCED myself to sit through it in order to give it a fair rating. Granted, the movie producers were going for a black and white effect. Something classy. Memories from an archaic past. Blah blah blah. And this is the only reason why it got 1 star. No, that's not right. It's because I couldn't give it a BIG FAT 0!!! The violence in the movie was uncalled for. Even I felt sorry for those women in the movie and my wife had to leave the room because she was so offended. Thank God my daughters weren't home the night I chose to watch it. How somebody could write up such a ghastly horror wannabe flick is beyond me. It sure felt like a horror, only a cheaper, gross-out scale. Bravo to the producers/writers for giving more serial killers out there ideas on how to murder women. Now we have crazy men portrayed in such acts as hanging women's heads on walls as mantels and eating the live flesh from their fingers and forcing them to watch it being done. Enough said. This was absolute crap! Don't waste your time! I won't even mention the acting because there was not much of it to comment on. 
1|20253|Sorry to say this but the first one was way better, never should been made in the first place.
5|7754|Own it. Love Adam Sandler and Julie Bowen
5|8467|This is a great movie. I think it was a bit better than the first Austin Powers movie too. There is the introduction of Fat Bastard and Mini Me who are both pretty funny and we still have Austin Powers and Dr Evil continuing to make us laugh. Definitely worth watching.
5|9779|I enjoy stand up comedy in all forums. Although I am not black, black humor is descriptive and entertaining. The skits were appropriate in length and transitions were funny. I've seen the movie three times now and it is still funny to me.
5|14401|This is a great 80s movie. its really funny. a great teen movie. this movie is a classic and it has a great soundtrack.
5|7740|Really thought provoking film. It's exremely funny, and you can't help but laugh...and then you're forced to stop and think how scary it is that these seemingly ridiculous situations involving nuclear war, could really happen. I don't think our political leaders today have any more sense than the ones in the film. Peter Sellers is brilliant at playing a variety of characters within the film...there is nobody who really equals his versatility in that respect!
5|8473|Extremely funny. Similiar to the first one but better, very good characters. Mike Myers is extremely funny.
1|21159|PLEASE! This video stinks! I wouldn't watch it again if you paid me!
5|7998|Great acting,funny, sad Robin Williams should have gotten academy award.
5|1331|Nothing like it! True original, Mr. Pink is a legend.
5|16202|So chill. I don't know if I was just in the right mood at the right time or what it was but I was one of the few people in the theatre who really enjoyed it. The soundtrack is excellent, the plot is... well, rather simple, and though it is not consistently laugh-out loud hilarious, the humor is very dry, very wry and very funny. A wistful modern masterpiece.
5|5631|My personal favorite Hitchcock film. It's so well written, acted, and directed that as the suspence builds slowly up, you become more and more engrossed until the film sucks you in and you forget where you are. Also, the entire film is done in one place, and that's cool. It shows Hitch's real sense of the film when he could make it where it was so entertaining with only one set. Many of today's directors would be so creative.
1|22336|The first time I watched it I almost fell asleep.
5|18549|The best!
5|14373|This film could quit possibly one of the most brilliant motion pictures ever made. No movie has ever made me feel the way this one did. I read the book over a year ago and this is one of the best book adaptions ever. Director Aronofsky is the next Stanley Kubrik. I cannot get over the performances ,the visuals,the score out of my head since I saw it. This film will stick with me forever. Beautiful,dark,scary,depressing and brilliant.Can you smell the Oscars? Mmmmmm...Oh and buy the way if you are seeing this movie just because you might have a chance to see T and A DO NOT GO SEE IT. Not only is there none but this movie is not about sex. It is about love, more specifically love gone wrong. NC-17 does not nesacarily mean nudity. Requien is a highly disturbing beauty of a film and if you are the T and A type who goes to a movie just so they can go home later and masturbate over the pair of breasts you saw instead of seeing it for the brilliant film it is Do NOT GO! You can still love someone and make the wrong choices. We love ourselves as much as we love others. And when an addiction becomes so strong it destroys the emotions and the caring you have toward the ones you love that is love gone wrong.Yes it is about addiction and the depths of depravity people go to get their fix. Sex is in no way a key subject in this film.Yes sex is within the film,yes there is a little nudity, yes there is a graphic sex scene but this is just a means for getting the point of the film accros.Sex as a part in this film is just a side note. If such a deep and thought provoking film disapointed you for the lack of sex and nudity you need to step out of the SHALLOW kiddie pool and step into the BIG KIDS POOL.Sometimes there is more to life than sex. Like meaning. Just a thought.
5|1457|very entertaining. its hard to not pay attention to this movie. i kinda have concern for anyone in a comma now. if you seen it you know what i'm talking about. they went way to far with the blood in this movie. it seems like even a minor papercut in this movie would shoot blood like a fire hose. but thats just my exageration. the action and the fighting in this movie are preety badass.
5|6338|A fantastic movie about WWII veterans returning to their everday lives after the war. This maybe the most intelligent movie about the stress of returing home after the a war. It deals with everything from physical impairment to changed emotional relationships due to the time and distance of the war.
5|7026|If I see this show is on as I idly surf by I usually find myself settling in and continuing to watch it regardless of the countless times I've seen it before. Ferris is everybody's hero; cool without being too into himself, funny, and he never gets caught.
5|4507|My favorite Disney movie of all time!
5|5619|great movie. James Stewart is a photographer who is apartment bound when he has a broken leg. He passes time by watching his neighbors in other apartments. He gets suspicious of one neighbor when he is convinced he has killed his wife. he gets his girlfriend involved. and suspense follows.in trying to get others to believe what he saw. good suspense movie directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
1|14874|Another angst-ridden drama with no bright spots and no smile-worthy moments. Stay out of THIS bedroom.
5|2176|Great cheesy fun film! Check your brain at the door and enjoy!
5|683|Best war movie ever!!!
5|18561|This movie still never ceases to scare me. I still hate to watch it alone.
5|13434|Family movie. This is a good sentamental movie. Forrest Gump will make anyone laugh.
5|9023|John Cusack stars in this wonderful teen comedy.Cusack is dumped by his girl for his archrival and decides to kill himself.Hilarity results.The paperboy chases are kickass. The same director Savage Steve Holland also directed Cusack in One Crazy Summer with an early appearance by Demi Moore.It has several of the same actors as slightly different people. Both are highly recommended.
5|22831|That was a really great movie! I thought it might be another one of those movies that didn't live up to the book it was based on, but it was a great movie in relation to the book! Important details were left out but the movie itself was GREAT! I loved it and can't wait for the next one!
5|13352|The story is so clever and yet so simple. You can't help but like Forrest who is brilliantly played by Tom Hanks. Part of me would like to see a sequal but the other parts says leave the story as it is. A timeless classic that will be enjoyed for a very long time.
5|1319|The perfect conclusion to the perfect martial arts film, Kill Bill Vol. 1.
5|23291|Excellent movie! I didn't know anything about it before seeing it. I assumed it was about space travel/other life forms etc..I was thrilled with this spiritual look at what is out there! 
5|20798|I REALLY didn't think I would like this movie when I first started watching it. It just didn't look that good. But the more I watched the more I enjoyed it, and I was laughing out loud at some of the comedy. The music's not bad either. A pleasant surprise.
5|4261|Honestly how can you not love the muppets?
5|11545|An instant classic!
5|21486|Great! The original and still the best. He could have stopped there. Special effects and costumes were great for the time.
5|19119|I like blade because my favorate actor is wesely snipes and also I it effects and good to watch and also my favorate is wistler
5|2604|Jennifer Lopez is hot. This movie is tripped out. Never seen anything like it.
1|23772|Independence Day isn't even a movie, it is a product. Something made to make money and make bundles of money for several different corporations. Next, this product is completly unbelievable and shallow. I could see something like this happening one day (riiiight) and I could see two doofuses like Will Smith and (I actually really like this guy) Jeff Goldblum getting an alien spaceship flying to the mother ship and takeing everything down with the help of an Apple computer laptop. This movie is made for people who like crap like Godzilla(America's Mathew Broderick version),Dante's Peak and Deep Blue Sea. All show and no blow. Completley made for product placement and a large Gross. Go see it if you like ritualistic torture. I think I'll go to my room and watch The Day The Earth Stood Still. You go have fun with your kiddie movie.
5|4275|A great movie. This was the one that started it all. Snow White is a girl who finds a house where seven dwarfs live. they find her and befriend her. this is a classic movie for all ages to enjoy. 
5|21492|The best movie ever
1|16911|Being a Southerner, I was truly hoping that Gods and Generals would be a good movie. Believe me -- I read the numerous negative reviews, but I decided to see the movie myself because I concluded that Yankees who did not appreciate Southern History wrote the reviews. However, seeing the movie was a huge mistake! I am not exaggerating when I say that Gods and Generals is one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. Anyone that tells you that this movie is great is in complete denial. The movie, at best, serves as a how to video for Civil War Re-enactors -- nothing more. Sitting through four boring and tedious hours of this movie was complete torture. Again, Southerners are depicted as arrogant far right wing extremist and religious zealots. With respect to Gods and Generals, do yourself a favor--STAY AT HOME!
5|9751|Its a different kind of love story. I think that is what makes it great. Great music and acting.
5|14429|Chilling. Some time ago I did some freelance journalist work interviewing refugees of the massacres of the period. I heard stories I wish I could scrub from my mind, and I have twice interviewed serial killers. The movie was incredible, although a little grim.
5|9037|I am going to rent this tonight . I havent seen this in a few years!
5|13420|Engaging, funny, sad, dealing well in both fantasy and reality, 'Forest Gump' is movie entertainment at its very best. I would even go as far as to say that it's the best film produced since the golden age of Hollywood. Tom Hanks is one of the best actors of our time who has given us one of the most memorable characters on film. I'm glad I wasn't the only one able to see his talent since way back in the 'Bosom Buddies' days and hope he goes on to make more great movies with great heart like 'Forest'.
1|21603|Apparently, I'm one of the few who thinks differently than the rest about this movie. I hated it. I'm beginning to come to the realization that I hate fantasy, sci-fi type movies that last for hours. I did not appreciate Star Wars, Harry Potter, or this. I read the Harry Patter books, and liked them fine. I'm considering reading these, althought the movie is a huge deterrent. I vow, from this day foward, never to sit through another movie like this.
5|6304|Audrey Hepburn, what else do I have to say? Great music. My Fair Lady addresses an important topic- social classes. The costumes were beautiful.
5|4513|At the very beginning of the picture the camera moves (or appears to move) through the trees and the changing perspective of the branches gives a 3-D effect. The sheer beauty of these images is breathtaking. Then the characters are introduced. Thumper's delicious southern accent and mannerisms, Flower's modesty ( You can call me Flower if you want to ), and the antics of the minor characters - all combine in a rich mixture of images. And then there is the music - Little April Showers - a lovely musical arrangement and superbly sung. And all this without a mention so far of the tear-jerking plot. This wonderful film surely deserves its 5 stars.
5|17646|Best Scandinavian film ever! :o) The second best European film in '98 after La vita bella! And in a year with under average films like Shakespear In Love Saving Private Ryan, it was even the second best film in the world in '98! Nominated to Golden Globe for Best Foreign Language Film, but Central do Brasil won, a film I don't think is as good as Festen. It was wrong not to nominate it to Oscar for BFLF! Festen isn't just good, it's also important! The topic, childrens' relation with their parents is still a holy tabu.
5|17901|Will always be a horror classic. Probably scared more people than any other movie in history. Watching it on cable TV doesn't do it justice, because it has been cut more than Jamie in Halloween. Watch the unedited version late at night if you haven't seen it.
5|708|We already knew the plot before we ever watched this movie, so what they did was to make the part of the lawman more important, and play up the interaction between Harrison Ford and Tommy Lee Jones. The casting in this movie is great, they could not have chosen a better US Marshal than the big dog Tommy Lee Jones. He is fair, he is relentless, and, little by little, he becomes sympathetic. We knew the plot, but they still manage a few surprises along the way.
5|5792|One of the greatest movies ever made and its a shame it didn't make AFI's 100 Best movies list. A terrific script and excellent acting make 12 Angry Men a timeless classic.The whole movie takes place in one room and still hold your attention!Brilliant!
5|12879|I rented the Shawshank Redemption because I had taken an online survey about movies I liked and disliked. this movie forum would then take my ratings of movies and reccomend movies they thought I would like. I was surprised when they said the Shawshank Redemption. Me, like a movie about prison? I was sure they must be mistaken. Well I rented it and loved it. Tim Robbins,was great as the man who was wrongly accused of a double murder. He ended up in prison for decades. Morgan Freeman was also good as a fellow prisoner.I was expecting a movie about lots of violence and was surprised to find out it was more about how tim Robbins character survived his decades in prison and his victory in the end.A bit too long but a great movie.
5|7185|Does it have flaws? Yes! Does it bring back memories of the good old days? Did it establish a genre (for better or for worse?) Yes!
5|1292|While the Director's style may be disorienting, this movie has scenes which are very memorable. You must see the entire movie from the start.
5|19092|This movie kept you at the edge of your seat from beginning to end! Throughout the movie there were many surprises. This movie is like a roller coaster ride you'd want to ride over and over again!
1|8727|the MOST non humorous comedy ever !!! this movie sux. Some teen comedys are pretty funny and captures high school shenanigans, this one does NOT !! Terrible cast aside from the father.
5|19|Truly a modern classic and the the best of the trilogy. It brings out the best in George Lucas and Steven Speilberg. Harrison Ford was born to play Indiana Jones. If you have not seen this movie get out of your tomb and get it.
5|20607|theres only a few musicals i like and grease is one i have always enjoyed
1|3666|Ugh. You'd think that Samuel L. would have made a difference in this movie. At least, that's what I thought. The only reason that I didn't ask for my $10 back when the show ended is that I got to see Rammstein at the beginning of the movie (I'd pay $10 any day to see Till on a big screen). That, and the villian was mildly cool. Otherwise, the movie is trash.
5|22010|It is absolutely the best movie ever, but you knew that already.
5|9802|One of my all-time favorites just for sheer entertainment. Michael Douglas is at his best in this type of film and Annette Bening was perfect as his co-star.
5|1286|Another great director, Quentin Tarantino. I love the way the scenes jump around in time. I think movies that mess with your mind are hecka sick.
5|15864|Terrific movie. I liked more than Boogie Nights. Tom Cruise deserves the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.
1|19217|This is one of the worst movies I have ever watched. For some reason, I watched it until the bitter end. I guess I was hoping, praying, begging for a twist. I was thinking, there is no way that this movie can really be this AWFUL. The acting was a joke, the plot bordered on hilarious (not a compliment for a so-called horror movie) and the writing was a bomb from the very beginning. If you want to see a bunch of actors in their worst roles ever with really awful effects..go and waste a couple hours of your life and rent From Dusk Till Dawn! 
5|22776|This movie is the best movie that I have ever seen. It had a good storyline, and it also touched everybodies heart. It was overall a good movie.
5|7191|The King of Comedies. My #2 favorite movie of all time (next to Rocky). Though primarily lowbrow, anyone who went to college can relate to this movie (I was not a Greek, either). If I had to rank my favorite scenes, it would go: #1 Mind if we Dance With Yo Dates; #2 Marmarlade -- Raped in Prison -- Niedermeyer -- shot by his own troops in Vietnam; #3 Bluto's inspirational speech to the Deltas (Was it over when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor); #4 Double Secret Probation; #5 I'm a zit; #6 Bluto smashing the guitar; #7 The Devil/Angel scene; #8 The parade; #9 The reaction of the Deltas when they see Dorfman for the first time; #10 The expulsion scene with Dean Wormer. I can watch Animal House over and over and still laugh at the same scenes. I freakin' actually had an incident similar to the Fawn Leibowitz scene. I pity the young dude who is a quite prolific rater here and gave it 1 star. All I can say to you dude is that you need to start drinking heavily.
5|20161|Scary and cool!
5|5786|I actually played Fonda's role in a school play. Defintely a great movie.
5|5976|One of the funniest of all time. I roared with laughter as a kid and I do now as a grandfather. Really holds up. 
5|31|Not as good as the Temple of doom, but great.
5|21531|The best of the Star Wars prequels. Hayden Christensen did great as Anakin who turned evil, killed Jedi Knights, and, after a great lightsaber duel with Obi-Wan Kenobi on mustafar's lava fields, became the evil Darth Vader. Many great battles, special effects, and sad scenes, especially the Jedi Knights being killed by clone troopers and padme dying after she gave birth to Luke and Leia. palpatine transforming into the Emperor was also cool as well as General Grievous.
1|2550|Jackie Chan + Western movie = Pathetic I would give this no stars but it won't let me 
5|23332|If you're looking for Matrix-type special effects, this movie isn't for you. It's a film that uses a SciFi format for a plot that has nothing to do with interplanetary travel - except as the catalyst for the message of the film. It's also interesting to see how filmmakers in 1950 envision a spaceship (interior and exterior). 
1|2544|i love kungfu movies, and i have to say jackie chan is particularly stupid. his buffonery reminds me of charlie chaplin of 100 years ago. wow, he does his own stunts. hello, thats because he can't act. oh wait, i have a remarkable idea! HE SHOULD GET AN ACTING DOUBLE. this movie, like all jackie chan movies, sucks big time. 
5|17929|The classic horror movie, The Exorcist was completely revolutionary when it came out and set a new standard in the evolution of the horror movie. How many movies before or since have had audiences running from the cinema screaming in terror? Unlike many of the weak horror films from the 80s and 90s, it doesn't rely on blood, murders, axes, psychos and close up graphic shots of mutilation. The horror and fear is in the battle between good, represented by a tired, doubting priest, and the ultimate evil, coming from a cute, innocent young girl. The first few times I saw it, it was indeed frightening. Now it looks somewhat dated, not surprising considering it was produced so long ago, but even now it can hold up as one of the top horror movies of all time. Forget the sequels though they were dreadul! 
5|5962|A superb and hilarious movie with underlying sexual themes with out being too blunt, over the top or even too subtle for that matter. Wonderful casting of Jack Lemmon, Tony Curtis, Marilyn Monroe, George Raft and Joe E. Brown. Lemmon may have the energy, but Curtis is my personal favorite. Clever, witty and he does a dead on impression of Cary Grant. One of the funniest movies of all time.
5|21243|This is a great movie by the greatest, most legendary band ever. The movie is so original and so funny. The Beatles get to be themselves, which is an advantage for them and for us, and all and all, it's a great movie with a FAB soundtrack. What can I say, anything by the Beatles is great!
5|720|The all time greatest movie. Great acting and heart beating action. Smart.
1|24814|After seeing this I thought to myself, I really should have listened to those critics. This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. After a thousand years of slavery the human race has forgotten everything that made them human. They didn't even know what a triangle was and yet they managed to learn how to fly, assemble a nuclear device and devise a plan to wipe out their enemies with their planet. And the makers of this crap had the gall to set up for a sequel. The only part I enjoyed was when Tavolta tried feeding the guy a rat.
5|13597|This was one of the most thought-provoking movies I have ever seen. The Anette Benning character really made me take a look at myself, and what can you say about Kevin Spacey-the man IS the best actor of our generation.
5|22992|Classic movie about the dangers of leaving space missions to bureaucrats. The script is awesome. The book made a wonderful movie.
5|12689|The best of Moore's feature films. A very dismaying and heartbreaking expose of the remorseless and uncaring nature of corporate decision making, and the failure of those supposedly in charge in the auto industry to protect their companies, their workers and the towns they operated in for the sake of the bottomline. Just shows you that it doesn't take much in the way of brains to make money, and that short-sightedness and greed in the so-called minds of our corporate leadership usually results in killing the goose that lays the golden eggs. What was truly reprehensible in this film was the absolute arrogance and self-centered attitudes of the putative leaders of town and industry. These money-grubbing scumbags should have bones rammed up their collective butts so the dogs can drag them through the streets.
1|10582|Pitiful.
5|7146|ohhh clark, this tent smells........edna, this is your tent
5|8275|i'm not sure why this is rated a comedy; it's more of a surreal dream... and an expertly designed and performed one, at that. it's such a perfect work of cinematic penmanship... this movie deserves ten stars. and yes, it's funny, but its struggle, and its heart far outweigh its laughs. a must see.
1|4860|My opinion is that if Walt Disney had actually been frozen and he was brought back to life, he would see the dumb movies his company has made over the last few years and he would have a heart attack and die- again.
5|5751|WESLEY SNIPES WAS GREAT IN THIS MOVIE. I COULD WATCH THIS MOVIE OVER AND OVER.
5|5989|This is one of my favorite movies, I watch it whenever it's on HBO. I love Katharine Hepburn and Jimmy Stewart in almost anything, and Cary Grant is at his most alluring when he's doing comedy.(e.g. Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House, His Girl Friday, Bringing Up Baby-also with Hepburn)
5|16362|This movie isn't the best movie that I've ever seen, but it's almost there... A bad point is the Bom Jovi's acting. The end of the movie brought me to tears. Pay it forward is a great concept that should work. 
5|4329|funny,funny,funny
1|13935|Over-rated garbage. Guilty White Liberal idea of how the Noble Savage was destoyed by the White Man. See Black Robe for a more realistic view of Indian/White interaction. 
5|1251|Pulp Fiction is one of the most eclectic films ever made. That being said, it's one of the most well-blended films ever. The stories, and certainly odd ones at that, are told to us not in chronoligical order, but mixed together in a way to evoke terrific power and emotion. The dialogue is most definitely the BEST dialogue I've ever heard in a film. Although it employs more explatives than usually heard in movies in 1994, they are used in the right places, adding the right feeling to the lines, unlike most modern films where the words are added to give them movie a R rating. The visiual style is excellent as well. Quite possibly, the best movie of 1994, the best year for movies since 1939.
5|8513|A black and white bombshell. This movie is witty and hilarious. I don't think any other low budget movie has ever made me laugh so hard.
5|9619|one of my fav movies of all time. jim carrey is great in this this movie is a classic.
1|20333|What the F*** was Carpenter thinking when he spun the series in this direction. He didn't just change direction with this turd, he totally derailed the franchise. The worst horror movie ever.
5|7634|This movie is great for a stoner or anyone with an open mind that tends to notice the small stuff. I remember several times going WHOA because I recognized something that was foreshadowed to earlier. My recomendation: smoke a blunt and enjoy!!!
5|8507|Clerks is the first of four Kevin Smith films. It shows a day in the life of the avereage american worker. Dante and Randal are just two guys trying to make a living. The perfect blend of realism and comedy. And the best comic duo I've ever seen in my life: Jay and Silent Bob. Jay: the epitimy of white trash. And Silent Bob: a genious, a master of many things, and one of the only people who can stand Jay for extended periods of time. But let's not forget Kevin Smith's great way of blending the other films together. Rick Derris, the body building moron, and Walt Flanagan, the pissed off customer are mentioned in the second film Mallrats . I love this movie. I recommed this for anyone who loves comedy at its best.
5|19045|It isn't even out in the UK but I can sense it will be good. I mean it has Johnny Depp in it, what more do you need? 
5|16376|Very real. After the movie ends, you're left with a those five bucks were well spent feeling, and you know that this could happen in real life. I didn't like the ending at first, but then understood why they did it. I'll give it a five even though I think it deserves a 4.8 (considering the fact that it wasn't THE BEST, though it was really good).
5|2994|Keanu Reeves, Patrick Swayze, surfing, sky diving, and bank robbing - what more could you ask for? No seriously, I'm not sure why this movie is so entertaining, but it is. Lots of great action scenes tied together by a storyline of rebelling against authority makes this a nice little movie. Don't expect anything deep (after all, Keanu is the star), but Point Break is a very entertaining movie just the same.
5|10707|Water Boy was hilarious - Adam Sandler's Best
5|5023|Spy Kids was a great family movie, I would call it a James Bond junior. Most of the movies we end up taking our kids to have little or no parent entertainment value. For a family movie, it had a good mixture of effects, plot, action, suspense, and humor to keep kids and parents involved. The kids did not jump up to go to the bathroom even once, now that says a lot for a movie.
5|907|Great drama, great effects. Story was well told......
5|3334|First off, watch the French version with English subtitles (if you need them). It's much better, and tends to make the story easier to follow. Second off, it's beautiful. Just... wow. Costumes, scenery, choreography, everything. The score is stunning. Now. Yes, it is glaringly historically inaccurate. But I don't think it was one of their priorities, let alone something they had in mind. In any case, after all is said and done, it's still a great movie, and worth watching just to see Fronsac frenzy at the Brotherhood's hideout. Also for the final fight scene with Jean-Francois, to see his sword. A bone sword/grappling hook/chain thing. It's worth watching to the end to see it in action.
5|15119|Great movie; hilarious, well acted, and brilliantly written. It's a shame that it didn't nab the Oscar for Best Adapted Screenplay.
5|13568|Awsome - This movie was painful to watch for all the characters became real as I recognized then to one degree or another in my own world!... Loved it!! Benning is great - so real! HOT too.
5|1523|Lethal Weapon has great action scenes, great dialogue, and better acting than you'll find in most action movies. It combined drama and action perfectly, and we can truly get inside the character's heads and understand their emotions. Mel Gibson at his best-crazy as a leper.
5|17726|The prototypical horror film. It has it all- bone chilling music, a dark, spooky atmosphere, a good plot, and the scariest guy to ever put on a captain kirk mask in Michael myers. His stealth, silence, and creative ways he caught his victims made halloween the most suspensefu; and scary movie to date.
5|4473|OMG! this movie is my most favortist movie in the world! i laughed so much anad i think jim carrey acted sooo good. no one could ever play the grinch as good as he did. he still played a mean character and stil made u laugh. i tohught the grinch was so cute as a baby, and i laughed sooo hard when he was trying to find something to wear and he was like dancing in the mirror! AAAAHAHAH. omg! i cant wait till it comes out on video!!!!
5|15131|I absolutely loved this movie and Paul Newman.
5|22945|One of Kubrick's best movies, in which you see a crazy young man with no limits.
5|12886|Superb well crafted film about an innocent man Andy Dufresne(Tim Robbins) who is convicted of murdering his wife and the changes he goes through while in prison. Standout peformances by Robbins, Morgan Freeman, James Whitmore and Bob Gunton as the cruel warden. The movie has rightly become a modern movie classic.
5|9631|THE BEST MOVIE OF ALL TIME! I can't believe people on this website criticized it! It is my most Fave movie and has been for years. It's one you can never get sick of and if you've never seen it I'll personally make you(literally, i bought it for my friend for Christmas cuz she hadn't seen it) Anyway, Its a movie you'll quote constantly, for intance, just today I said to my friend I expected the Rocky Mountains to be a little Rockier than this! So, I have seen this movie so many times that I have seriously memorized it...word for word! Me n my bf love! Pappy and Frappy 4 life!
5|6502|A true classic! Jack Lemmon shows the promise he later fulfills and James Cagney is a perfect floating tyrant. Henry Fonda, in the title role, handles his part with grace, charm and a quiet intensity.
1|16871|I love the NFL and I thought this movie did a horrible job of trying to deplict the life in the NFL. It was demeaning to the intelligence of both the fans and the players.
5|15657|No independent film had success like this film. I thought it was so well written, even if you don't like Shakespeare. The writing created wonderful characters and I love how accurate they were in presenting the issue of women not being able to act then.
5|20834|I have to confess that I really enjoyed this movie. I found it both engaging and entertaining. I really felt the juke-joint feel in the movie, I could almost smell the smoke in that dingy little jazz hall.
5|4315|best movie ever!
5|17040|Portrays the Soviet Union military in action of emergency incidents. Excellent characters. I rate it high as a drama movie and realistic in portraying the Soviet Union.
5|2764|This movie has it all!!! 3 independant women who not only look hot 24/7 they also have the intelligence and ability to back it up, not to mention the fact they can seriously kick ass!!! 10 out of 10 made me proud to be a woman cameron Diaz brought new meaning to the ROBOT. absolutely love this movie!!
5|4301|the best to come along in a long time. it is entertaining and very funny. donkey steals the show in this one. i could watch this one over and over again
5|2770|This movie was definately the bomb!!!!! I think people of all ages will enjoy this action packed movie!!! Men think they're getting a bunch of hot women in scimpy clothes, women think they're getting a movie about women's rights and independence. All three angels are great actresses, and make the movie a hit!!! I would recommend this movie to anyone lookin' for a great time!!! 
1|3841|Boring and tiresome. Show me to the door.
5|9625|Jim Carrey's best movie!
5|6516|One of my all-time favorites. Outstanding comedy, featuring Chaplin at his best, as both the self-effacing barber and the comically tyrannical dictator.
1|18690|Too base even to be campy, this waste of celluloid has absolutely nothing to recommend it. I'd be willing to bet this is the top cult horror pick of the Dukes of Hazzard crowd down at Ye-Ha University though.
5|7608|I absolutely LOVED this movie. It's one of those few films that captures a little place in the past somewhere and just creates this little world with eccentric characters, and everyone is on a quest. When their paths cross, hilarity ensues on a grandiose scale. Every aspect of the cinematography, music, sound, and editing blend to create this movie to absolute perfection. Absolutely hilarious as well, the best laugh out loud movie the Cohen Brothers have done.
1|16865|again, id rather eat crap than watch this movie a second time. wow, i cant believe how much of a waste this film was of its 3 and half hour time or whatever. i have always liked sports films but this one is too much. everything about it is ridiculous, even al pacino's performance.
5|15125|This is a funny movie that does go into both personal relationships and career issues. Interesting look into the politics in America, colleges, and universities. I enjoyed the aspect of a writer unable to stop writing his second book.
5|6270|Superb. The dining room scene alone is worth the price of admission.
1|4848|Why not an animated series of Charlie's Angels? It'd be the same product. Jimmy Neutron is one of those obnoxious films that you want to walk out of just because of the annoying background music. Poor Martin Short....poor poor Martin Short.
5|17732|Nobody does it better than Michael.
5|18401|Best Stephen King movie ever made. I loved this movie. The story was awesome, and it was actually scary. I would recommend it to anybody.
5|5779|This is why they are called classics . Double Indemnity is white hot. It is noir at its best and rest assured this film will make a lasting impression on you. At a minimum it will make you a lifelong Barbara Stanwyck fan. Talk about a Femme Fatale! McMurray and Stanwyck play off each other in a way that seems much more contemporary considering how long ago this film was made. Double Indemnity stands the test of time and is a true noir classic.
1|1267|Pulp Fiction was in a word, brainless. Aside from the FAR to over used gore and shock factor, there was no point to this film. I left the theater feeling not only stupider for having seen this film, but I also wasted $7.50 to see it.
5|22206|The Matrix is the best movie. Watching it a first time isn't enough, surely my favorite movie! The effects are awesome Keanu Reeves is so hot! If you haven't seen this movie yet, go out get it!
5|6927|One of the best movies. One of those kinds of movies where you have to watch a few times to pick up on all the subtle jokes they throw at you.
5|7387|My family & I loved this movie we are excited about seeing meet the faukers we can hardly wait hope to see it real soon 
5|13965|A man stands alone...He is an outsider. Unknown but shy and curious. He wants a friend but he can't. He can help but he doesn't understand. Do you want to push man further...let us take a slow ride through the life of the insane preacher!
5|22560|This was a really good movie for comic book fans. The Dark Knight finally came to life on the movie screen. As for the other Batman films, this was the best. I didn't like the others as much as the first.
5|24111|heath ledger is sooo hot! the movie was really good and the whole theater got into it.
5|6099|James Whale was certainly a God-send. I truly believe that he is one of the most influential directors ever. Never has a film been so expectedly scary while at the same time unexpectedly funny! Bride pulls it off with great precision, and only the talents of Whale could have made the film so brilliantly. To this day, I belive Bride of Frankenstein to be the greatest of all horror films.
5|5590|Casablanca is very hot in the summer last year i went to morocco it was so hot at night everyone took there clothes of.I love it there,if there is anyone that is a comiding can he get in touch with us the moroccan company 
5|4856|The most underrated Disney masterpiece ever. It's very exciting and funny. Plus the animation is stupendous!
1|12154|what?! i want BATTLEFIELD EARTH TWO. NOT THIS.
5|18830|i aboustly love this film it is one of the finest films ive seen in while the fliming and direction is wonderfully done and should really been seen any horror fan should enjoy this epicaly with whats out there now a days I find this film differnt and origanl in many levels it should be seen.
5|5584|The best movie of all times
5|16809|I will give this movie three stars, even though I've never seen it, just for the fact that it makes all of the Jeeebus loving psycho fundamentalists absolutely rabid.
5|7393|This is by far one of my favorite movies of all time. Robert Deniro and Ben Stiller were awesome together in this movie and it was also one of the funniest moveies i have ever seen. I would definately recommend this movie to anyone who has never seen it. 
1|11449|Seriously, the worst movie of the year. Humor will appeal to those who think bodily functions are funny. Lots of akward moments
5|6933|Ahhh, a real classic of it's kind!!! Always a gag waiting in the wings.
5|22212|If you're someone who's a non-thinking movie zombie - don't go to this one. It keeps you on your mental toes while entertaining you. Action, love, social issues and great special effects all wrapped into one movie! Can't wait for the sequel!!
5|14978|I finally got around to seeing this movie, and man, it's tough to watch. The whole time, you know where the movie is headed, but you still can't prepare yourself for the emotional wallop when it happens. Hilary Swank is one of the best actors out there - she plays the tough trailer park girl perfectly, and Clint Eastwood is at his understated best. Morgan Freeman plays exactly the same role he did in Shawshank Redemption, and again it works for him. But I think the story is what makes this movie work. Inspiration followed by devastation. Would be curious as to what foes of euthanasia have to say about this one. 
5|278|I thought Braveheart was great b/c it was full of action and the plot had accurate details about what was going on at that time
5|23124|This movie is one of my favorite if not my favorite. The dialouge is so inventive and shows the realization of an adolescent that growing up isn't so bad. The performances were amazing Jennifer Connelly was amazing and David Bowie was mesmerizing and there is still much to be said about his choice of costume.
5|8936|The best Star Trek movie ever.
5|14950|This movie was great--a perfect balance between gory violence and healthy patriotism. Restraint was an interesting idea for a theme. And I'm glad Mel didn't have any. Most importantly, though, was how this movie was neither a fraud nor a sham. A definite plus.
5|21733|After seeing the first two Lord Of The Rings, I was interested in seeing the final chapter of the story. I found this to be the best part of the trilogy. The film deserves every award it recieves. Peter Jackson is a brilliant director. I highly reccommend this film.
5|250|I loved Braveheart. I liked the fact that everyone got killed. I thought Mel Gibson did a great job acting.
1|9607|The title describes people who paid good money to go seek this mutated turkey!
5|17281|One of the most beautifully filmed movies ever made. Gorgeous to look at.
5|10288|black women in all-white neighborhoods are funny.
1|17010|Awful..
5|1912|I think Face/Off was a good movie. My favorite part was when they had the operation and they had to act like each other.
5|8088|So far, the most satisfying effort from the Brothers Coen. I usually refrain from describing something as "genius", but this picture comes as close as possible, as it's a study of the mundane bordered by entwined extremes (wildly engaging characters and the sordid situations that involve them, with the plebian calm of the bowling alley serving as a familiar center). Even when you think it's straying into the inexplicable, it kicks you back onto the rail and sends you rollicking along into the next hilarious set-up (how it all ties together is borderline-magnificent; you feel as if you haven't been watching a movie so much as somebody's bad day working itself out). How can anyone recommend something that's sleazy (cameos by Ben Gazzara, John Turturro), sexy (Julianna Moore and Tara Reid), sweet (a great change-of-pace for Steve Buscemi), and surreal (the Cosmic Lane/Pin Girls dream sequence is one for the ages), all at the same time? True cinemaphiles are miles ahead of this review (nodding in rapt appreciation); hungry novices are enthusiastically encouraged to purchase the DVD and prepare for one of the best theatrical releases of the last five years.
5|13959|It takes balls to make a movie like this and no one else could have pulled it off besides Martin Scorsese. There is a dark underworld to the human soul which id reflected by De Niro's character, Travis Bickle. I don't care how much anyone denies it, there is a Bickle in us all.
1|20864|Oh enough already! This isn't 1977 anymore. After reading NaturallyYou's review I felt like I was in a DISCO HELL time warp. Give me a break.... You Should Be Dancing , Jive Talkin .... man please! Stereo types and abusing women was fever the producer had in making film for the gutter!
5|13781|This movie should have won the Oscar!! Truly a moving story!! 
5|22548|Batman was one of my all time favorite movies because of its originality and also its classic comic appeal. I grew up with Batman comics and the movie portrayed a comic book feel. This is why I think it is an original movie also.
5|13795|The best movie I have seen since Braveheart !!! This one should take home all awards possible. A must see! One of the BEST movies I have ever seen. No regrets that it is 3 hours long, NONE! This will be a classic. As a huge Steven King fan I was pleased to see that The Green Mile tops all of his other movies (with out comparing to The Shinning - wouldn't know how to compare those two). ******************************
5|16835|I hate and I mean hate golf but this movie was so not about golf. I was so shocked that I loved this movie as much as I did. I watched this one afternoon when I had nothing better to do and nothing was on. After 10 minutes into the movie I was so happy I stuck with it. Robert Redford once again made another great film, with a great cast!!!
5|11182|Eddie Murphy is hilarious, the movie was all in all very funny, and took comedy to the next level.
5|17295|Just an astounding movie.....incredible acting, heart breaking story!
1|5029|Way too many adult jokes while the animation was pathetic.(The Fish Looked like aliens!!!) Overall the worst animated film of the year and quite possibly the worst animated film I ever saw!!!
5|23130|The best movie of all time.
1|19997|What a piece. I couldn't believe how much this film DID NOT live up to its own hype, and the hype of the horror communitites word of mouth.
5|7422|Stiller is one of the funniest people around, and DeNiro is a great comic actor. The whole story is great, and i cant wait for the sequel.
5|13018|The best movie of all time -- music, acting, and adapted story.
5|1053|I loved it. It had some great moments. hilarious and scary as hell.
5|14777|One of the most under-rated movie the world has seen the best Spielberg-movie! Amazing acting! :o)
5|21914|This movie rocked and raised the bar for action and special effects. Not only that, but it was actually better than the first one. Linda Hamilton was a bad ass, and it is nice to see her character evolve to an independant woman from a damsel in distress. Good twist on Ahhhhhnold character. Also, show's that a bad guy (Robert Patrick) doesn't have to be 6 feet tall and muscle bound to be strong, effective and intimidating. 
5|5235|You MUST see this beautiful movie. Don't believe it is an Hitchcock one, because in fact it was a Selznick production, but it is quite faithful to the original book by Daphn Du Maurier, and the mystery is delicately exposed to our eyes . With wonderful Olivier and Fontaine . Don't miss it!
1|14280|One of the most violent, useless movies ever made. Not as bad as A Clockwork Orange, however.
1|24343|Why don't they both die. No more 80s reminents.
1|15820|Very disappointing!
1|24425|boloney.............
1|12197|Hill, you BET this movie is good? You should really see a movie before you review it. You know what they say about people who assume...
5|14011|This is a great movie and a wonderfully written screenplay by Matt Damon and Ben Affleck. Damon and Robin Williams are both excellent as the thug/genius and therapist, respectively. It also includes one of the greatest lines in recent movie history. HOW DO YOU LIKE THEM APPLES!!!
5|7344|For anyone who has worked in the computer division of a large company can appreciate the humor in this movie. I loved this movie. We all know the boss, Bill Lumberg, the woman in the cubicle next to us with the most annoying voice, the memo's that everyone but you got, etc... Alot of mindless humor, but also some intelligent things, you just have to be smart enough to catch it.
5|8063|This was an incredibly charming movie. It's nice to see a small production make such a big hit. I would recommend this film to people of all likes.
5|23871|this movie rocked!!!
5|5547|I find most of Alfred Hitchcock's work to be masterpiece material. Psycho was a work of art and displayed the carnal nature that exists beneath the threshold of consciousness that often times flourishes in the overt actions of man.
5|2228|I loved this movie! Tom Cruise was awsume and very cute in this movie! I really want to be a pilot so i loved this. It is sad, funny and intense this was really an awsume movie:) 
5|21900|Best film of the trilogy. This has a great story. Although unoriginal now it has the greatest twist of all the films - Arnold is the good guy.
5|3888|I, as an older kid don't like this movie much,but I USED to love it. Keep in mind people that this movie was made for small younger children. This movie is great for a family with younger children.
5|19247|Absolutely awesomely over the top gory fun. Never really scary...the blood and gore are soooo abundant, it's almost cartoonish. But a fun, bizzare, often humorous gorefest. Not for everyone...
1|19968|Where in the hell is the original Haunting on this list? They have the remake, but not the original? Anyone who prefers this junk instead of the original cannot be called a horror film fan. Plain and simple. 
5|12312|This movie was really funny. You know how you see a commercial for a comedy, you go see the movie, and you realize that all the funny parts were in the preview? This is not one of those movies. The whole thing is good from beginning to end. Great Characters, Great story.
5|6728|THIS IS A CLASSIC RENT IT U WONT B E DISSAPOINTED ITS FREAKY
5|1047|Just a good movie. really nothing of merit dramawise, nor acting that could be called great. It just somehow works. Keeps you interested from the begining untill the end. Good Movie. IJR says check it out!
5|14763|This was an extrodaniry movie.
5|2566|I love this movie. It's funny and has lots of laughter throughout the movie. There is lots of actions and Jackie made the movie really fun and enjoyable.
5|18171|George does it again!!!! You cannot have a Zombie movie without George Romero. Ok, maybe some. But not the originals. George Romero's Unholy Trilogy (that's Night, Dawn, And Day, OF Course) are by far the best. Even the latest installment does not dissatisfy. The shopping mall was ingenius thinking. Who wouldn't go running to the mall when your next door neighbor, or your live-in, tries to eat your brains? Classic!!
5|293|Amazing movie. Loved the fight scene where they wore the gold masks.
5|5209|New York Minute was great! It is different than their other movies and it was really cute. It is about two sisters finding where their relationship is and they end up helping each other out. A great movie that teaches a lesson
5|4117|The New Willy Wonka movie is going to star Johnny Depp!!!!!! Who better to play that part?!!!
5|14993|I read a review of this movie that said you forget you're watching someone play Ray Charles, and it couldn't be more true. Jamie Foxx was incredible. And you probably couldn't find a more interesting life to make a movie about.
1|18486|One of the worst movies ever made in horror history.
5|9433|Great casting.
1|19798|Thank God that Freddy will never be back.
5|13742|Easily one of my favorite movies of all time, Glory paints a wonderful portrait of the profound sacrifices Americans of all backgrounds made for fundamental liberties during the Civil War.
5|9355|I'm just a big Reese fan. Her natural cuteness sells this film.
5|4671|This what a great kids film should be. The comedy is pilled on and the animation is fantastic. The fast pace of the comedy is rare for Disney, but they really got it right on this one. The backdrop of Elvis classics makes for a perfect Hawaiian atmosphere. Best Scene: The Trial at the beginning. 
5|18617|Terrific movie. Well shot and acted. Creepy ending.
5|4665|E.B. White was an incredibly talented writer, and somehow this animated movie lives up to the great book. Fern rules. Wilbur rocks. Templeton is wonderful. And Charlotte makes me swoon. I want to have kids just to watch this with them.
5|18603|If you dont like any of the evil dead movies you have a poor sense of humor.
5|23695|The concept behind this movie is great. It also gives you the creeps as it plays so well on your fears of something lurky just at the edge of darkness. Creepy feelings galore.
5|9341|THIS IS MY FAVORITE MOVIE.....IT'S GREAT
5|13756|A great movie. Great acting and visuals. I really enjoyed the story of John; a simple man with extraordinary gifts. It kept me interested until the end. Seeing Percy get his in the end was a relief for me.
5|15327|Hands down, the best movie that I have seen this year. Directed by the same guy who directed Good Will Hunting, the movie has a similar feel to that movie. Older father figure helps young genius reach his potential and learns something about himself along the way. Yet, it is very different and brilliantly written. Sean Connery and Rob Brown are both great (I won't be surprised if they are up for Oscars). You walk out of this movie feeling good, but you aren't clobbered over the head with sweetness. I can't recommend a movie more highly. There is also a surprise cameo towards the end which will give you a chuckle.
1|19954|This movie was way over the top.
5|8739|This movie is so funny!! It presents a different perspective on the issue of teenage sex experience. The soundtrack is cool too..
5|6714|By far the best movie ever made. Rosalind Russel gave her best performance in this wonderful movie. I love the bright colors, magnificent sets, and inventive situations. I don't understand how this is rated number 106...HELP US GET IT TO NUMBER 1!
5|13030|The Godfather is mario Puzzo's best creation. It being turned into a movie is even better. The corleonne family was to good to not be televised. A must see if you have not. Very powerful. Outstanding preformance by marlon brando and al pacino.
5|17256|Best movie ever made. Direction- perfect. Acting- perfect. Music- perfect. Great action, comradery. First 10 minutes after intermission are my fav. ten minutes in cinema. Good introduction to foreign films. Wish Kurosawa was still alive, making movies.
1|9808|American President is quite simply, bad. It consists of a couple hours of poorly disguised political dogma veiled over with a relatively weak, boring and predictable love story. Considering that it was brought forth by Annette Bening, Michael Douglas and Rob Reiner, the viewer really cannot expect anything less, and yet again is forced to listen to the pontifications of Bening and Douglas with regard to their political views. I must say that I am quite sick of meathead trying to tell me how to run my life, he should stick to simpler and relatively non-effrontery comedy without political motivations. Additionally, the characters are underdeveloped, and many of them meander without purpose through the plot.
5|4103|i loved this movie was so awsome i would love to go to that factory with all that stuff u can eat i want to see the new one coming out!!!mmm candy
5|2202|Count on a ripping story. Count of a first rate cast that brings the characters alive. Count of beautiful locations that are feast for the eyes. Count on solid and creative direction. Count on the Count of Monte Cristo.
1|6293|Although the movie is nearly devoid of objectionable content (aside from the occasional profanity), there are two things that absolutely destroy the movie. First, the songs are extremely grating and annoying. Second, the sexism in this production is outrageous. No more is this obvious than the shockingly-inappropirate ending. The ending is completely different than the short story, Pygmmalion, that this 1964 movie is based on. I just can't recommend this production.
5|17526|Fantastic movie! It's the story of a boy who is Jewish in Germany before and during the war who passes himself off as a pure German. Wonderfully done, one of the best foreign language films I've ever seen. It's so good that you forget that you're reading it and just get wrapped up in the drama. See it!!
5|11157|The best I was literly laughing through the whole movie. Some of you people gotta lighten up
5|4673|All I want to know is what Stitch said to make the Robot start spewing parts. Va La Ma Qwiesta!!!
5|6064|The only directorial effort of actor Charles Laughton is a masterpiece. Robert Mitchum gives a daring portrayal of insane, murderous preacher Harry Powell relentlessly hunting two innocent children across the Depression Era Bible Belt to get their father's stolen fortune. Despite the films complete lack of academy award nominations, its photography and music, as well as its directing and acting, are exceptional. This chilling suspense film noir is truly compelling and terrifying.
5|9357|A really pleasantly surprising movie, I enjoyed it even much more than I anticipated! Now I am looking forward to the 2nd Legally Blonde! 
5|13740|The first war film I've ever seen. It was exciting. This was this first movie at which my eyes actually started watering.
5|23683|A fantastic film directed by Terry Gillam. The plot is rather simple, but the workings behind it make it complex as it comprises of time travel. Its quite a dark movie but it isn't depressing, I found it rather moving. The main character is James Cole played by Bruce Willis who is sent back to the past to observe and pick up clues to find out why most of the human race is wiped out and the rest have to flee underground. He ends up in a mental institute where he meets up with Brad Pitts character (brilliantly performed and shows that the man IS intelligent) and gets a psychiastrist (Madeleine Stowe) to helpl him out. This film shows how humans assume and don't open up their minds to other concepts. But on a simple level, it is a love story. The music is good as well. A film definately worth watching. 
5|6702|One of my all-time favorites...Cagney was the best, by his own admission he was simply a Song Dance Man ...This movie was actually the George M. Cohen story and Cagney was born for the part. There are some great songs, great dancing (nobody made it look easier than Jimmy with his rubbery legs) and a nicely told story of a true American hero.
5|9431|Not for everybody. But for such a wonderful cast, and directed by Tim Burton this film to this very day is very under-recognized. It is my favorite film, I believe it stands above the rest and has a style and way of pulling the strings very well. Pull the strings! Pull the strings! 
5|13026|On the list of truly, historic, great films of all time you may see movies like Saving Private Ryan, Back To The Future, Jurassic Park, Shogun, Citizen Kane, Star Wars, or Rocky. But, no matter the movie critic of the list, The Godfather is always near the top. IN this four hour mafia epic.....never mind. Who needs to describe the Godfather!? It's filled with power and lust, greed and ignorance, law and crime. A true masterpiece of the American Film.
5|14991|Absolutly amazing.
5|15457|Great flick. Strong character development, good plot and excellent acting.
5|291|Maximus is the man
5|18173|This is one of my favorite movies of all time. It started off my zombie craze. The newer version of Dawn Of The Dead may have more action and special effects, but it lacks the awesome mood and environment present in the original, as well as its underlying message. The characters in the original are also better developed in my opinion, and there is great dark humor present in this original version as well. The theatrical release is great, but if you can, get the Director's Cut, because it sets the movie up better, and includes some scenes that seem sort of integral to the film once you have seen both the theatrical and Director's Cut releases. The newer version was exciting and well-done; I like it, too, but the original can't be beat. George A. Romero made a masterpiece when he made Dawn Of The Dead. 
5|2564|This was an EXCELLENT movie. Probably one of Jackie Chan's best ever! The plot was FUNNY and the stunts were the best ever! I'm not really into Western movies but this movie is a definite MUST SEE!
1|12803|Just as Michael Moore spread lies about America in Farenheight 9/11 because he actually hates America, I have no doubt Spurlock used this as anti-fast food propaganda. Putting aside the fact that a reality movie should never be made, this movie is biased in the fact that McDonald's is all he eats. I mean, he doesn't even take any nutritional supplements for goodness sakes. Even I, a fast food fan, know that you can't eat fast food every meal and that vitamins are necessary for optimal operation. Even more, this movie is so anti-fast food as to make me sick. As I believe someone said, Give me Chick-Fil-A or give me death!
5|4101|Holy Crap, Umpa Lumpas Rock.
5|2570|This one is great! It is not because I am a fan of Jackie Chang, but its style is humorous and light. It is very impressive, and Jackie Chang's series won't let you get tired of it.
5|1079|Fun to watch. Black comedy with great acting. It was kind of weird the way they talked. The movie was based on a true story.
5|6716|Shows what a great director like Howard Hawks could do with a tiny budget, a B-movie cast, and some cheap special effects. Another one of those movies that should not be remade, because they'll never do it better than the original. The mostly-unseen monster (actually, James Arness in a carrot suit)anticipates the mostly-unseen Monster from the Id in Forbidden Planet, and even the shark in Jaws. Lots of snappy patter, overlapping dialogue, smart dames and tough guys. Sci-fi has rarely been done better, or been more fun.
1|21211|Oh Lord in his Heaven this is awful.
5|7408|I LIKED THIS MOVIE,I WATCHED IT OVER AND OVER.IT WAS A VERY FUNNY MOVIE.
1|3499|I can't believe this is even on here. One of the worst movies of all time. Terrible acting, ugly cars.
5|15443|This is a very art-house film and isn't something for everyone. I wasn't sure if a film about a twenty-three-year-old dying was going to be interesting and was hesitant about hiring such a film. I made a right choice as this film is amazing. Sarah Polley (Go) gave a very tender and emotional performance of a young woman dying and trying to do things shes never done before during her final days on earth. I can understand why she didn't make the choice to tell her family as she didn't want a pity party, but if you don't well-up as she makes a tape for her two children for their Birthday each year right up to the age of eighteen, then you missed a very sensitive part of the film.
1|20669|Grease is such an overrated movie. It's absolutely horrible and John Travolta is lame.
5|6070|One of my favorite movies of all time. I love Leonard Bernstein's score and Sondheim's lyrics. Everything worked for this movie.
5|9343|I feel that this was one of Kevin Smiths best films, I mean I even liked Ben Affleck. I like how Smith has a way of taking thing that might happen and makeing them funnier hell!
5|8075|Love it. I especially like Serge and SGT. Taggart.
5|7346|Hilarious!
5|6058|Arguably the most evil character in movie history
5|1737|This movie really is incredible. I've watched it a few times and I'm finally making sense of it. It goes backwards and cuts in and out, keeping the viewer guessing and second-guessing the whole time. Guy Pearce is almost endearing as Leonard, as he struggles to remember his past and make peace with his future. The moments where people take advantage of his disability are heart-breaking. I reviewed this movie for a psychology class once when we were focusing on memory and got my whole class interested in seeing it. This movie is fast-paced and violent, mysterious and intriguing. I definitely recommend it as a conversation-piece, but try to watch it more than once to pick up on the subleties that you might have missed the first time around!
5|14013|I really enjoyed this movie. Matt Damon does a good job playing the tough guy, tormented, working class genius, while Robin Williams (whom I'm not normally a big fan of) is outstanding as the therapist who is only barely keeping it all together. The chemistry between Damon and Williams is why this movie works. With a good story line, excellent acting, and likeable characters - this movie is highly recommended.
5|18629|A really Great film that had me going, right up to the surprise ending. Sent chills down my mind without any use of knives, axes or any other devices...and not a drop a blood spilt.
5|5551|I still can't take a shower, annother good head trip
5|16604|I loved this movie. It has the best original screenplay written all year. Maybe the best cast assembled too. Joan Allen and Gary Oldman give some of their best performances ever, but neither can compare to Jeff Bridges. He's really amusing as a President. Bridges character seems to more focused on food than running the country. His final speech at the end of the movie is one of the best movie monologues I've heard in years. It's too bad this movie wasn't more successful. I can't see anyone disliking this movie. Rent it if you get a chance. I doubt you'll be disapointed.
5|19251|Great, a little creepy and tense....
5|5237|A movie so good that it continues to grow an audience with each new generation that is exposed to it. An ensemble cast with brilliantly played characters and an unforgettable soundtrack. The message of the film, "There's no place like home.", is one that resonates inside the hearts of all who are fortunate enough to enjoy the love of home, friends, and family, the world over. To think that they nearly left Judy Garland's emotionally charged rendition of 'Somewhere Over the Rainbow' on the cutting room floor makes you thankful for occurences of devine intervention. A true classic for all times.
5|1045|Hilarious, nasty, and utterly brilliant. One of the best films of the decade.
5|9419|Classic, I must have seen about 500 times.
1|16481|I didn't like this movie because it took away from the essence of the original. Although it gave a modern perspective, it seemed as if they were trying to mix today's behaviour with ancient language.
5|8707|You can't help but find that movie funny. It doesn't matter how old you are.
5|7434|This is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen in my enitre life. Ben Stiller is a phenomenal actor and comedian.
5|16176|Very realistic, wonderful acting, and story-line! Also with fairly accurate historical facts!
5|11619|I loved Rob Schnieder(is that how u spell it?) in this movie he was awesome!!!!!!
5|17268|An excellent film about a boy's lifelong friendship with a man who runs the cinema in his small hometown. The ending almost made me cry, and I NEVER CRY AT MOVIES.
5|4883|Wonderful movie. Slightly different than regular Disney, but still I would highly recommend it to kids. I believe it was pretty faithful to the Roald Dahl book.
5|5545|What can I say... Hitchcock was a genius when it came to suspense and horror. Psycho is a masterpiece. This is as good as classic movies get.
5|10261|The storyline was great and I feel it pleased both the male and female crowds. I really liked it.
5|3134|U-571 was a remake of the old movie called Das Boot and you get very involved in the plot. There were parts where everyone held their breath and then all you heard was about 110 people saying Oh my god, that was close! It's fairly low tech with no real special effects, but it is not needed. I also thought it was interesting because it's based on true facts from the World War.
5|15319|Great! I think I'll get this one on video when it comes out!
5|12476|I adored the movie, I went and saw it with my friend Beth in theatre and to be 100% honest, I liked it a lot better then I liked the original. Johnny Depp plays the best Willy Wonka!
5|7352|I'm going to show her my ohhh face.... ohhh , ohhh , ohhh 
5|13768|This movie is outstanding, not just for it's fine acting and interesting plot, but for it's ability to make the viewer think long and hard about the place the death penalty has in this so-called civilised society of ours. I would rate this movie as one of the best I have ever seen, and have watched it twice since I first saw it 3 months ago. A must-see for any adult who likes depth behind their entertainment.
5|1723|I liked it. It was very true to what really happened, and I showed what it is really like and that not all military cuss a whole lot (they did cuss though) and they dont sit and look at seedy pictures the whole time.
5|14007|Good Will Hunting will probably remain my favorite movie for a long time to come. I think that it left me thinking for two days about confronting my hurts and seeing people from within. It is beyond great!
5|13783|This has to be one of the top movies of the year. The movies will draw you in and extract every emotion you possess. The characters are well defined early in the picture and the story just leads you along. I couldn't find a weak link in the cast or the story. This is a must see. 
5|23640|Fantastic
1|17012|Unlike the novel by Bret Easton Ellis, which is one of the best pieces of literature ever written by man, this movie was so horrible. I know this movie was not meant to have deep meaning to it, but it could have been close to the book, which it obviously was not. Any true Bret Easton fan could tell you this. I don't think any of his books have been made into great movies to date, except for maybe Less Than Zero. I do not recommend this waste of space to anyone. :(
1|18321|Let's see, a bunch of people you are never given any reason to care about are knocked off one by one in a variety of grisley ways. Whoopee. Pretty much sums up the modern slasher film in general. If you're that into blood and gore, why not just sit on an overpass and pray for car wrecks.
5|1910|I thought this movie was full of action. And all the special effects and stunts made it all the more interesting to watch.
1|9163|this movie is no even funny
5|534|The best mob movie I have ever seen. Ray Liotta, Robert DeNiro, and Joe Pesci are one of the best acting trios. I thought those three had the most realistic portrayal of mobsters.
5|20349|One of my favorite comedies. Debbie Reynolds and Albert Brookes really did a great job with this funny script. The lines are really humorous and reminded me of my own family. I highly recommend renting this.
1|6250|Even worse than Ben-Hur. A waste of film and an embarassment to anyone remotely associated with this abortion.
5|17283|Words cannot express how good this film really is. See it and observe brilliance. 
1|13512|A movie that has no respect for the middle class. The scene in which Mena Suvari could have been shot in from the side and suggested nudity, but Director Mendes has no respect for Suvari and exposes her. You can see her discomfort. Truly and ugly and hateful film.
5|21731|Wonderful ending to a wonderful saga. Can't wait till it is released on DVD!!!!!!
5|14952|Our local radio talk show host (Chuck Baldwin Live Pensacola, Florida) bought out 2 theatres showing The Patriot and offered FREE ADMISSION to his listening audience as a thank you for 6 years on the air. Over 350 people of all ages watched and all loved it! I would rank it as good as a Gone With The Wind epic and I really appreciated a movie that I was able to take my kids to. It taught them some history and patriotic principles. There were some very violent scenes, but I think it needed to be told to show children the horrors of war and the price for freedom!
5|6919|There's a sale at Penneys !!!!
5|22238|Excellent suspense. Great action. Any villan that can kick Jesse Ventura's butt is ok by me.
5|23126|This is & always will be one of my most favorite movies ever. The costumes are great, the music is fabulous, the special effects were state of the art in the 80s, David Bowie looks REALLY hawt, & it's funny! Normally I dislike George Lucas stuff & Henson's creepy muppets, but they actually made the movie better.
1|11305|William Hanna is probably turning in his grave....this movie sucks.
1|2750|This movie brings up two questions. Since when does a TV show - which more than earned the description lame - merit a movie re-make 20 years after it was very wisely and thankfully cancelled? Have all the creative writers died or did they just leave Hollywood?
5|14946|I think that The patriot is one of the greatest all-times movie!It was excellent!The acting was great(both from Mel Gibson and Heath Ledger)! The historical accuracy might not be at its best but it does not really matter.The movie does reflect a bit of the I single-handedly saved the world theme that so many American movies have about them,but it was still very good. If I could I would have given it six stars! 
1|19995|I was so pissed off when i saw this worthless piece of dog crap that I nearly kicked my own ass for watching it.
5|23132|SO sad, and thus so funny
1|11311|56 million dollars!! how, as a movie watching culture, do we explain THIS! Scooby Doo is proof positive that the cinema, as well as the American Cultural landscape, have fallen into an irreversable void from which nothing of asthetic value is sure to never rise again. Sure, people took their kids? TAKE THEM TO THE MUSEUM INSTEAD!!! heck, at least go see Spirit AGAIN, before seeing this piece of Freddie Prinze Crap!!
5|3875|i liked this movie had cool song and plus i love animals...i wanna see the japanesse one lol
5|246|Braveheart was a good action movie that had a good historical background. I liked the fighting scenes and they were very graphic. There was romance and that makes the movie good for everyone.
5|21725|I love it! Especially when the Fat one went up the Ring!
5|21043|I gave this movie a 5 because I love Pink Floyd. Truth to tell, I will never ever watch this movie again. It's absolutely miserable. The animation sequences are billiant and disturbing. The structure of the movie is quite...unique. When I saw it, I left feeling confused and suicidal. According to my best friend, that qualifies an effective work of art. And yes, it is very effective. The music is amazing and makes it all worth it.
5|13797|This is an outstanding movie, with an exceptionally well assembled cast. The talented actors bring depth to the characters (I may never stand at a urinal the same again). The visualization of the shamanic tradition played out in the movie is exceptional; anyone who has studied shamanism in any tradition will immediately recognize the sucking shaman in John. It's a three hour movie that actually keeps you interested and stimulated the whole time; You actually care what happens, and want to see someone kick the crap out of Percy. A definite must see...heck, I'm buying a copy!
1|8241|disappointing
5|4854|I love Veggie Tales. It's the best!
5|508|The best gangster movie of all time--better than The Godfather. It's not so much a story, but rather an extremely entertaining collection of classic scenes. One of those rare films that you love more every time you see it. Superb use of oldies music. GoodFellas really engages you from the start, and takes you on one heckuva ride. Maybe not his best (Raging Bull is), but definitely Scorsese's most entertaining movie.
1|1503|HA! this movie blew! it was some pathetic goth kid's wet dream
5|13967|One of the best movies i have ever seen! Robert DeNiro was fabulous at portraying this character whom you want to dislike but at the same time feel sorry for him. Great film!
5|22562|Batman was great. It was a great movie. I had fun. It was the best.
1|20682|The Sound of Mucus is more like it. Who is the world finds Julie Andrews at all appealling or entertaining? Gadzooks, she's one of the worst: I feel like I'm going to fall into a diabetic coma everytime she comes into the frame. Christopher Plumber, a truly gifted actor who's been gravely overlooked for decades, puts in a fine performance for a guy who's hardly the song and dance type, yet he doesn't actually sing or dance much in this flick. The children are obnoxious. The story is one of those typical Hollywood based on a true story feel-good bowel movements. There are a few decent songs in the score, but most of it is your usual musical filler. This was such a popular flick when it first came out, but looking at it today, it's hard to determine why. Of course, it's bland and easily digestible family fare, but please, it's so hokey and goody-goody that you just want to barf.
5|6925|This is one of the greatest movies of all time! It's the kind of movie that you have to watch more than once, because you won't catch all the jokes the first time you see it. There's never a dull moment, and I still use the line I am serious, and don't call me shirley! 
5|22204|Does anyone know where I can get a pair of Morpheous' sunglasses from? I would be very grateful if you could let me know. richcowell@uk.packardbell.org I'll make it worth your while if you help me find a pair. 
1|24382|Don't waste your time... this is a really bad movie.
5|21719|Great story,great graphics,great acting,and great battle scenes. This movie is destined to be a classic.
1|24396|Senseless garbage. Poorly written and poorly put together. Not funny in the least bit.
5|22210|This movie was very deep and I really enjoyed the special effects.
5|6931|this is so funny i cant stand iyt
5|13973|My all time favorite movie. It's the kind of movie that hits home on so many levels. I never get sick of watching it.
1|18309|One word, BAD. BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD. It may scare kids, but it's just bad. The film quality is horrible. The characters are shallow, and the story is thin. The only redeeming factor is Rober Englund, who can somehow turn any character into something interesting.
5|4698|I HAVE AN OBSESSION WITH THIS MOVIE!!!! it is one of my favorite movies and as an answer to one person's question THERE'S MORE THAN DIGGIN' JUST HAPPENING, AND I'D SEE A MOVIE LIKE THAT!
5|4840|This was a great story. Not exactly a G movie but it's still a great one for kids and adults. A really nice cast (Sylvester Stalone, Christopher Walken, Danny Glover, and probably others as well that I didn't realize it was their voice) I think they should have done more with Utopia since it was emphasized so much. But other than that it's a great movie, with great animation, and a great story. Nice to see that a childrens movie that isn't from Disney got five stars from me.
5|5586|It is the perfect movie and the antithesis of all that is wrong with today's movies.The dialogue is perfect, the cast is perfect, and it moves like gangbusters. In a word, impeccable!
5|17042|The Life of David Gale is a powerful drama revolving around the controversial issue of capital punishment. The story revolves around David Gale (Kevin Spacey), an opponent of the death penalty who soon finds himself on death row for the murder of one of his closest friends. Kate Winslet, who plays a reporter in the film, is hired to interview Gale four days before his execution, and soon finds herself believing Gale's powerful story and sets out to find the truth. What follows is a suspenseful race against time, as the viewer is unsure of just what Winslet's character will find and if she will find it in time to save Gale's life. Some interesting twists and turns, a surprising ending and powerful performances by all involved makes for a decent film. The film was highly controversial in that it explored the possibility of error in the death penalty system, and I think the film proves its point quite well. Regardless of your opinion of the death penalty, this film is indeed a powerful one with a powerful message that captures the viewer's attention throughout.
5|2766|I thought this movie was great! I went into it just for Lucy Liu, but found out that Diaz and Barrymore can be angels just as well. I will hopefully go and see it again with my girlfriend. And Lucy Lui if you read this...I LOVE YOU!!!!!
5|20836|I'm not really the type to like musicals, but I really enjoyed this movie and thought it was one of the best I'd seen in a long time. There was a lot more singing and dancing in the movie than I expected, but it surprisingly wasn't a bad thing. It always kept me entertained and I thought the costumes and settings were great visuals.
5|3478|The first Pierce Brosnan James Bond film I saw was Die Another Day . It was the first James Bond film I actually saw in a theater since the 1970's. I took my 10-year-old son to see it. It was his first James Bond film, and he totally loved it! Pierce Brosnan is absolutely great in the role! He is definitely the closest thing to Sean Connery in the entire series! He and I are the same age which makes me a little biased, but I did not know this when I saw the film. Tomorrow Never Dies was actually the second film of Pierce Brosnan's that I saw. It was absolutely excellent. I was just as excited as in any of the Connery movies. Roger Moore was allright, but just did not have the physical presence of Sean Connery and Pierce Brosnan, however I do like his different approach to the portrayal of James Bond. I certainly did miss the aura of Sean Connery until he reappeared in Never Say Never Again in 1983. It was certainly a welcome sight. The only thing that I didn't like aboug that movie was the absence of the original opening logo and the original James Bond music. Other than that it was an excellent movie. I remember when my own father took me to the drive-in movie in 1962 to see Dr.No . The only two things that I remembered from that film were Ursula Andress rising from the sea in the bikini scene , and Dr. No's unsuccesful attempts to grab onto the pipes with his steel hands when he drowned at the end of the movie. Those memories have stayed with me all these years. I have truly grown up with the James Bond films and will always love them and consider them one of the most enjoyable parts of my life!
5|15655|I thought this was a very cleverly done film and was extremely entertaining. Shakespeare in Love was probably one of the few films I've seen in the last two years that I didn't walk out of feeling like I had just been screwed out of $8.50, and would've been willing to pay another $8.50 to see again while it was in the theatres. Very well done, very well acted, it was an all around entertaining film with some wonderful lines and metaphors. To the point of another user who said Shakespeare would be spinning in his grave I can think of nothing more than you really have no idea what you're talking about. In fact I would argue that Shakespeare would be amazed and overjoyed by this adaption/reproduction of his work. Certainly Shakespeare was an innovator of his time don't you think he would be happy to see, first of all just that his work was STILL being produced, and secondly that they had spun it into such a humorous form while still retaining the overall storyline? I do.
1|16873|sorry but you can't sell me on cameron diaz.....umm she ain't that good looking not by a long shot, and there is NO bigger turn OFF than some sour foul mouthed girl with a downer attitude who's blames the world for her own screwups
1|20319|Unquestionably the worst sequel out of the entire series (with the possible exception of Jason X). The acting was horrible, the plot was idiotic, and the music was stupid. This movie really had some potential as I was happy to see it take place somewhere other than the camp itself, and the beginning was OK, but the end was so stupid it makes me wonder how the filmmakers could ever live with themselves.
5|6500|A 5, just for James Cagney on the speaker, WHO DID IT, WHO DID IT....
5|12884|The best Academy Award-winning flick of recent years.Possibly the best prison movie ever.
5|1509|I think this movie is the greatest movie of all time. I saw it when I was 10 and fell in love with it. It shows a guy and his girlfriend get brutally murdered by greasy thugs. Eric Draven gets his revenge all of of them when the crow brings him back. I also believe that if Brandon Lee's life hadn't been cut short he would have been a huge star. RIP Brandon
5|9155|this movie was fun and interesting. The idea was great and strange and a little disturbing. I loved John Cusack in this movie, and John Malkovich, too. I'd recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see something a little different...but satisfying.
5|6266|By means of this movie, I managed to convince my 16-year-old sister and a half dozen of her friends that black-and-white movies can be good (they even rented it again themselves when I wasn't there)!
5|22947|Unbelievable film (if you can get through the most graphic and violent scenes within the first 20 minutes!) Those beginning scenes are unlike any other I have seen in a movie, however they are necessary to the film..This is an amazing look into the criminal mind. It is hard to explain the severity and honesty that Kubrik conveys in this Classic.
5|17724|Classic, a first in the genre, and one of the best.
5|4465|This is a great movie to see around the holidays. Jim Carrey plays as The Grinch who plots to steal Christmas. This is also a good movie because it explaned why the Grinch hated Christmas in the first place. My favorite character is Max the dog.
5|939|This is one of Speilburg's best films and it has a great cast. The editing for this film is amazing. Especially when you have Brodie sitting on teh beach looking out to sea to make sure that its safe and you have people walking past in their different coloured bathing suits and that determines how close the shot is on Brodie. Richard Drefuss is amazing as usual, especially when him and Brodie are trying to convince the Mayor that the beach should be closed as there was definately a Great White in the Waters and the mayor makes a comment about him and he starts laughing. This film has the suspense element done to perfection, especially with that famous music signature. Its a shame that they ruined it by doing all the other Jaws movies. 
5|17730|I watch this movie 5 times a day at least, I love it! I mean it's great from the moment Judith Myers get's badly butchered to the moment that Michael Myers breaths at the very end of the movie, the whole movie is absolutley a great masterpiece of horror, I think Tony Moran was a wonderful face for Michael Myers and Nick Castle's performance as the masked Michael was great!, but I think Tony Moran should of been Michael Myers the whole movie. Lynda and Annie were great characters in fact all the characters were wonderful and memorable. Michael Myers is the coolest serial killer ever! I honestly couldn't live without Michael Myers! he's awesome! there are a lot of memorable moments in this flim like of course the killing of Judith Myers, The time Michael escaped from the Mental Hospital the way he jumped on the car was amazing!, The car scene when he kills Annie I will never forget the face Michael had when he killed Annie he just kept looking at her the same way(lol) and also I like the sound it makes right when he stabs her!. The masquerade part is great when Michael dresses up as a ghost and he's has Bob's glasses on his nose(lol), The part when Bob says alright come on out! and Michael comes out and grabs Bob by the neck and chokes and stabs him I like the part when Michael tilts his head back and forth from side to side and looks at the Dead Bob! and also the whole time Michael chases Laurie is one of the coolest and one of the most memorable parts of the movie I love the scenes where he chases Laurie they are awesome! Michael Myers has the coolest mask ever! and Tony Moran rocks! he is the coolest face for Michael Myers ever! and that mixed together makes the coolest serial killer ever! and of course the butcher knife does too! Every time I watch Halloween this wonderful,beautiful,fanastic feeling comes over me! This flim is flawless! So if you haven't seen it you MUST see it you will enjoy every moment! and expirence The Night HE Came Home! It's a great slasher flim that I will always be obsessed with! Thank you John Carpenter for bring us your beautiful flim HALLOWEEN, it's has cool music and it's absloutely perfect! If you haven't seen it rent it!!! it's really really wonderful!!! a classic!! 
5|18403|Pet Sematary was one of the scariest movies I have ever seen. I was afraid to drive home from my friend's house after watching it because I thought I would run over a cat! Very scary.
5|2014|This movie was wonderful. It was full of suspense. The story was flowing and it never dragged on. Usually during most of the scary movies I've seen, they weren't as scary as I thought they would be. This movie actually fulfilled my expectations of a scary movie. It's my favorite movie as of now.
5|13556|If any film could be a fine wine, American Beauty is it. Compelling with strong leads, leaving the viewer with a genuine empathy for each character. It's beautifully filmed and very touching. I am in love, and it is with this film. If you miss this film you may miss one of the last masterpiece's in modern cinema. 
5|15127|Very cool. About our relationship with our work and our need for self-discipline in it. Also entertaining.
5|13230|Uh oh, 12 minutes to Wapner.
5|6514|See it alone for the closing speech Chaplin gives at the end of the film, where he rails against fascism and totalitarianism.
1|3843|This garbage makes you root for the snake. Another J Lo piece of art.
5|17056|The more you watch this movie the better it gets. It starts out as a two-star but is elevated with hidden details, visual and audio stimulation, along with a hidden desire to stumble upon a paradise such as this.
1|23604|I hated this movie! The music made me physically sick.
5|11427|The people who dont get this movie are usually the Napoleon of their Home Town.
5|16348|An absolotely fabulous movie. It was one of those times when you are sitting in the theater and not wondering who is crying, but wondering who is not crying. I was deeply moved, seeing how much Christ really suffered. Its an amazing movie that i recomment everyone to see.
5|15669|the theatre on screen
1|20325|Terrible doesn't describe how BAD this movie is!!!!!!!!!! One of the worst I've seen!
5|8511|This movie is unique. It has an artistical approach to humor. Raw humor!
5|13218|I gave this movie a 5 because it put me in deep thought. It was very educational and entertaining.
5|1253|Anyone who says this movie is bad was ether not paying attention or couldn't look past the violence. this movie was very smart and phycological. it was full of all worlds: comedy, drama, suspense, irony and crime. but the real thing that made this movie good was the character building, all of the(what ignorant people call pointless ) conversations between the main characters build a sort of warm, smart, and different type of gangster in which we have never seen before and this is what makes Terintino the mastermind of a genius. If you can look past the violence, this movie is full of halarious irony and incredible acting. my favorite of all time and one of the best!
5|19053|This movie kicked ass! The whole time I was on the edge of my seat. The story was awesome. The writer had a good flow and the concept was perfectly horrific. I love the whole idea of cheating death and the resulting (New) future in which the characters are chased by death in the order they were seated in the plane. If you have never seen this movie, it is definitely worth your time!!!!
1|13089|The only unedited R-rated movie to have the NONhonor of airing in broadcast primetime, this movie's nihilism and headache syndrome is out of control. Stupid and WAY TOO DARK!
5|17718|one of the best horror films i have ever seen. suspence is scary not blood a must see for all movie fans ecpecailly horror fans.
5|14211|Great acting by great old actors. Great script.
5|1535|IMO this should be at the top of the pile. To think that this and Titanic came out the same year... but which got all the Oscars! Proof if it ever was needed that the 'great and good' of the film industry are retards. LAC is just sheer class in every department.
5|7144|I guess the Aunt Edna croaking scene makes the movie.
1|10580|I agree 100%!!! Gene hackman couldn't even help this movie.
5|7150|i need to get hold of a knitting pattern that he had on with reindeer on in his christmas film anyone know where i can obtain one please
1|11852|lousy movie i didn't find it funny at all
5|8263|Son, you gotta a panty on your head..
5|19721|AWESOME MOVIE! REAL SCARY!! 
5|5747|Hitchcock at his best. Considering it was produced in the 60's, the SFX are fantastic. The plot is his usual suspense and making you wait to see what happens. It really does ask a question - what would we do if different species turned on us??? Oh yes, since when was Wesley Snipes in Hitchcock films done in the 60's????? 
5|2028|This movie was really good because it was really scary and the visual effects were awesome. Also, the movie had a decent story.
5|10705|C'mon, it's Adam Sandler combined with football...what's not to like?
5|2996|Let me start off by saying no action thrillers are realistic. I think people up in here criticizing its lack of realism don't see many movies. As far as action/thriller movies go, I'd have to say this one was pretty damn realistic. And it was a good story. So I will rate this movie a five because it is one of the very few screenplays that truly impresses me. The characters are so dynamic and have so much depth. Especially Redford's character. I've watched it several times now, and finally have begun to pick up some of the fascinating and provacative details (or themes, perhaps). I found it very compelling when I thought about how they made an issue out of Muir having never had much of a meaningful relationship with a woman. Or for that matter getting close to anyone at all. The two things he said to Bishop: 1) put away some money so you can retire someplace warm and don't touch it for anyone, ever ; and 2) if you go off the reservation I will not come after you. As Redford's character ended up doing both for Bishop (giving up his life savings and helping Bishop after he went rogue), it makes you realize Bishop was the only person in the world Muir had ever really cared about. Kinda made me wonder if the reason Redfor's character sold out the girl was really safety because before she came along Bishop just worshipped Muir. Anyway, I found that very compelling; a beautiful theme well disguised as a fast-paced and exciting spy thriller. Random thought: my friends and I occasionally comment on how Redford and Pitt really do look related. Same height, build, hair and eye color and general face-structure. Makes you wonder if they really are related, since Redford seems to like picking Pitt to star in his movies.
5|7636|I loved this movie. It is actually very complex with wonderful allusions to other movies, works of literature, and popular culture such the Wizard of Oz, Moby Dick, and the early recording industry. It has wonderful satire and is loaded with entendre such as John Goodman the Cyclops of both Homer and the KKK! For anyone educated in literature and the history of popular culture this movie is worthy of repeated viewing. For those less literate in these areas, I would suggest they see something else. I asked my son the meaning of this movie, his reply: It's very simple Dad, like the Odyssey, it is a symbolic journey through life with all its fun, adventures, misfortunes, and triumphs! 
5|12112|One of the best movies you've probably never seen. A clever crime caper, full of unexpected plot shifts that have to be carefully watched for in order not to get lost. Michael Caine's first American movie (quickly snapped up after the success of THE IPCRESS FILE), playing devilish mastermind Harry Dean opposite Shirley MacLaine's ditzy innocent Nicole Chang. With the help of John Abbott's master sculptor Emile, they concoct a scheme to rob a priceless sculpture from one Ahmad Shahbandar (done with regal splendor by the underrated Herbert Lom), a wealthy recluse who longs for a remembrance of his late wife (who just so happens to be a dead ringer for MacLaine's character). This trickery gains Dean access to Shahbandar's ritzy apartment complex, where the sculpture must be smuggled out of using a complex series of expected events that require split-second timing. As you might expect with a dark comedy, nothing comes off right until the surprising ending (which I won't give away). If you're exhausted with green-screen explosions and puerile sitcom extensions, try this 1966 heist yarn to appreciate a time when movies were talent-heavy and story-driven.
5|8505|I've seen the movie and it's great. I think so at least. It's really funny, and if you ever get the chance, you should check out any Kevin Smith movie cuz I think they're good and they're funny.
1|16683|It is hard for me to give this film a very high rating.As great a cast it has and as wonderful as the performances may be, it lacks any positive or happy moments. There is not one redeming quality about the feeling you get from this picture. Do you like to watch family and loved ones go through complete anguish and misery? Every up turn in this movie does a complete and horrible down swing towards an unimaginable worse. From brothers watching their brothers die, to husbands watching their wives get shot, this is without a doubt the most pointlessly depressing movie ever made. What do you get from it? I walked out of it when I saw it in sixth grade. I tried to watch it a year ago in my Junior year in high school and found it almost as unbearable. The cast and crew do a wonderful job at creating this beautiful looking nightmare worse than any horror film I have ever seen. This movie has no message except that life sucks, there is little good in the world, and in the end after nothing but sh*t happens to you your entire life, a bear will eat you and people will say it was a good way to go. What a pointless and negative message.
5|6528|This is a very well crafted as well as entertaining movie. It is a unique blend of comedy with total seriousness. It is filled with running gags, some of which are subtle. If you don't watch and listen closely you may miss some the first time around. Then other parts are emotional and intense. Though it deals with the subject of marital infidelity, it does not put infidelity in a positive light. It shows it for the destructive vice that it is. In my opinion it is director Billy Wilder's best movie, Jack Lemmon's best performance and Shirley MacLaine's best performance.
5|14563|Great movie! There's a lot more to this movie than meets the eye! If you're looking for an adventure movie, you'll be disappointed. If you hate movies that have an 'open' ending, you will hate it. I think the ratings showm at this website reflect this. This is a movie about life itself and about the choices that we've made and will make. Many have criticized the ending. At the end of the movie, Tom Hanks has some new choices to make. The movie does not indicate exactly what he does. This is the way that the movie HAD to end because there is a certain amount of logic to each of the different choices that he could have made. This is what fascinates me about this movie. I love to ask people which choice do you think he made. Their responses are varied an always subject to debate. I'm not a touchy-feely kind of guy ( I got my degree in Accounting and things HAVE to balance, damn it!). But Cast Away really moved me.
5|14588|Can I stretch the word excellent? Yes, I can. Great performances, excellent screenplay. Ed Harris is amazing.
5|7805|I watch this movie whenever I need a good laugh. It is so silly! I sympathize with Happy's golf frustrations as a relatively new golfer and often wish I could react the way he does.
5|15696|I found the blend of surreal with real and pure fantasy to be amazing. The imagery was so impressive. One of the best parts was the movies ability to deal with such an obviously religious topic without referring to any specific religion.
5|17081|I've heard comments from people who said this is a bad movie because there was no chemistry between Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman, and I'd like to say to them THAT'S THE WHOLE POINT. If Cruise and Kidman's characters were happy enough or satisfied with their relationship, do you think they would have fantasized about having affairs? NO!!! There was no chemistry because the movie would then mean nothing. Be a little open-minded folks. Also, this film was written, produced, and directed by the late, great Stanley Kubrick. Show it some respect.
5|33|I'm only 16, but for most of my life the plane and chase scenes were my favorite in all of cinema.
5|5974|Very funny, Lemmon, Curtis and Monroe is superb form. Monroe is beautiful and ditzy, Lemmon is hysterical as Daphne with Curtis as Josephine! Brilliant writing and direction combine beautifully to make this a comedy classic. 
1|13076|black & white
5|8288|Hilarious! I've seen it a few times, and always find it just as funny. It's great to see what Nicholas Cage can really do. The Coen brothers really made their name with this film.
1|17210|It's too New Yorkie. That elitist New Yorkie stlye that has been around in movies since the silent days. Please stop.
5|12847|I have seen the movie it was a very good movie.Ther are 7 other people how rated this way don't they say anything.
5|23442|Come on! Everyone knows that the is awesome if Bruce Willis is the hero.
5|22984|Great movie! Somewhat confusing, though, unless you read the book. I can see why some people hate it, though. The only reason I unnderstand it is because I read the book.
5|722|I never get tired of this movie. A great story, good acting, and some unbelievable action - the train wreck is especially compelling. There is something riveting about stories which deal with the wrongfully accused - and the Fugitive is mesmerizing throughout. Probably my favorite Harrison Ford movie, and Tommy Lee Jones is superb as well. Also, you have to love the Simpsons episode which begins with Bart writing on the blackboard I will not tell people my homework was stolen by a one-armed man.
5|21241|This is the greatest movie! It is so funny and it shows how werid and yet normal the beatles were as individuals!
5|5960|This is one of my favorite Marilyn movies tony curtis and jack lemmon where great I loved Marilyns character. I't was a very funny movie.
5|11382|stab my foot with that pitchfork...OW, that didn't hurt...HAHA
5|21527|damn it! I just cant understand why critics are so bent upon criticizing this movie and making it look like such a disaster (at least the more professional critics are doing so). To me, there is no better proof of how great this movie is than my fellow reviewers comments on the movie. Sure, the dialogue is not, how to put it, shakesperean. Some of it seems clunky. But, nonetheless, the movie is a breathtaking spectacle. I loved it. I was excited. I even cried during the ending. It even made me feel like a child again. Too bad Lucas wasted an entire movie and wasnt able to pace the dark side turn better. Mind you, episode I is still crap, but this is as good as it gets. And, most of all, I dont understand what critics say about haydens portrayal. I absolutely bought it. It is a great, great, great movie.
5|10922|This was better then Home Alone 1. Kevin's pranks against the bad guys are more inventive, plus Kevin is a bit older in this movie which makes it a bit better.
5|17095|It's a thriller with beautiful actors and actresses. It will keep your eyes on the screen all the time. The plot of this movie is a little bit weird.
5|20639|I love Grease ! It's a really fun film! The music is great and the lines are memorable. All the actors really suited their parts and were terrific. John Travolta and Olivia Newton John were perfect as Danny and Sandy!
5|27|The best movie of all time. It does what it does better than any movie did what it did ever made. It is a masterpiece. It is the most entertaining movie ever made. And it should get a lot more love.
5|2941|GO SEE IT!
1|8725|a really bad un-funny movie, a couple of cute scenes does not make a good comedy !
5|3487|I love the action and all the cool gadgets. I like James Bond movies. Very exciting and thrilling with the sexy girls.
5|19090|I saw this movie a little while ago and it's hella good. You never know what's going to happen. It had shocking and off guard parts. I think this movie is worth seeing twice.
5|2799|A great aciton movie.
5|20611|Cute movie and I loved the music.
1|1067|The acting was ok. The accents were very annoying. The swearing was unnecesary. And the woodchipper part was just plain old nasty. Save yourself the time and money and don't watch this film
5|15872|A slow, steady masterpiece. . .almost feels like a dark anti-Western. Eastwood's finest work. . .
5|23318|2nd behind wrath. Great fun for a sunday afternoon matinee. Spok dives into a pool and talks to a whale...priceless. 
5|1290|Like all his movies, Quentin Tarantino once again gives you many different ways to look at a movie. In order to fully grasp the concept you must not only watch the movie, you must try to relate with each character and figure out what is in the case.
5|22006|It's very hard to say what your favorite anything is once you get past 12 or so, but that doesn't mean that you can't choose things to SAY are you favorite - if that makes any sense. When people ask me what my favorite movie is, I tell them The Princess Bride.
5|7187|who sent the cadavers to the alumni dinner
1|20480|mad me wish i had a gun or poison or something.
1|3116|Yet another execrable example of Hollywood bastardising history. What is it with the US mainstream film industry that it can't help re-writing history to make the US come out the winner everytime. Propaganda of the most sick making sort.
1|10543|I'm probably being harsher on this movie than I should because it's hard to reconcile its amazing popularity with the fact that it stinks, especially if you get sick of physical, cartoon-like comedy after the first person slips on something and falls down the stairs. And it's not Chevy Chase making the fall.
5|6299|I must've seen this movie over 100 tiumes. It was my favorite movie as a child, and remains my favorite to this day. Audrey is amazing in this movie. Who would've thought that someone as classy and flawless as Audrey would make such a great Eliza Doolittle? As much as I love Julie Andrews, I think Audrey was perfect for the screen version of this classic.
5|24311|Although the first one was much, much better, this film I found to be very entetaining. Of course, very, very, very few films will ever come close to being as good as the first JP, so I wouldn't mark tgis film down just because it's predesscor was better. This film had the best special effects out of the three, although it's plot lacked. The only thing that pissed me off aboput the movie was that Spinosaurus defeated the T-Rex. No way could that happen! Some finned- fish eater can't take thanimal wuith the strongest jaw in the history of thre world. That is a hard scene to swallow for me. But overall, this film did have what the 2nd lacked- Sam Niell. Niell is kinda of the man who makes JP what it is anyway. And plus Spielberg, the best filmaker ever without a doubt, didn't direct this, so you can't expect it to compete with the first one. The fourth movie is starting preproduction now, and some of you are already fretting. Spielberg has come up with the idea this time and Michael Crichton will most likely be writing it......so it will be good. Sam Niell is iun talks of returning to reprise his role as Alan Grant again, as are Jeff Golbloom and Richard Attenborough. Finally, that original cast reunited. And for those of you who say the series should be ended, in the Universal contract from like 1992, they is a total os six movies to be made. And if they sell well, they may just renew the contract for a further six film. I'll get back to the series should be ended at about Jurassic Park 12.
1|1701|crap!
5|5790|This movie was so great! Fonda uses great logic to make sure justice is done-Innocent until proven guilty!
5|5948|The classic tale of faded silent film star Norma Desmond is hilariously funny, and interesting at the same time. Great performances.
1|7370|I'm the black sheep here - I didn't think the movie was funny. No real man would have ever put up with that kind of crap. . .(okay, the sex-toys in the suitcase thing was kind of funny)
1|17238|They're running this hideous thing on television now. SO, I thought I'd see what all the negative hype was about and I watched part of it. I can't believe it; these two dinks actually managed to come up with a new film genre - comic porn. Both sad and funny.
5|7193|I love this movie! Has to be seen uncut the networks butcher it. Truly one of the funniest films ever made with a great cast.
1|21952|Stupidest movie i have ever seen and it was soo cheesy and i fell asleep watching it. on funnyparts it was soooo dumb it was a waist of my time and i think that you should consider burrning that movie. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
1|10557|Considering great performances by Witherspoon and Bergan, the film is possibly one of the worst romantic comedies of all time. McConahay (I can't spell his name..lol) is the perfect contender for the next white trash, smelly role on the big screen. I hated this film, and I hope you will too. Ta-ta!
1|5215|Jus when you thought the horror was over, it comes right back. Pokemon is the new neverending story (along with Star Trek).
5|1284|John Travolta comeback movie. Samuel L. Jackson was also great in this movie. Great cast.
5|22012|This is my favorite movie EVER!!!!!
1|3664|I thought nothing would beat Armageddon in stupidity. But I was wrong. Just watch this and you'll see for yourself. Actually don't. I dont think studios should get any $ for releasing this crap.
5|19084|Final Destination made me jump outta' my seat- literally! It keeps you in suspense. When you're watching it, you have to expect the unexpected.
1|8731|Only in the US could you think this passes for humor (sic)
5|20605|I liked the musical of the West Side Story because it had a very good plot & the singing & dance moves in this movie makes it a classic.
5|21484|Star Wars had state of the art technology for it's time. Darth Vadar is the best villan of all time. This is a must see for all sci-fi fans.
5|20942|Wow, wow, wow, this movie was amazing. I gaurntee that no one will feel ambivilent about this movie. Either you'll love it or hate it. Go into with out expectations, I hope you'll love it! I sure did.
5|4263|Give that pig an Academy Award.
5|10659|This is the best movie in the world. Why is it ranked with She's all that and Notting Hill Not only are the characters down to realistic, but they're hilarious! Brodie Bruce is my hero. His sarcastic wit is so perfect. I laugh harder everytime I see it. Jay and Silent Bob are the REAL American Badasses! Their scemes are just so well worked out. The girls did well, and not's forget T.S.. I recommend this movie and a Big donut. Kudos to the cast. Mr. Jason Lee, you rock! Words cannot express the love I have of this movie. I watch it every day!
5|23293|First contact is the best Star Trek movie. Hands down. Great Acting, interesting storyline and the best special effects so far. This movie has everything. You laugh (a drunken Troy) you cry (Data finding his cat, so sad) and action. I will never get tired of watching this movie.
5|9747|I'll admit...I'm a huge fan of chick flicks. The sweeter, the sappier, the better. Of the many romantic comedies out there, this is one of the best. Tom Hanks is charming and fantastic as ever. I'm not a big fan of cutesy Meg Ryan but this is one of her best. I love that they never meet until the end and you're still convinced they're perfect for each other. A classic happy ending tale.
5|6474|And don't forget Walter Brennan - his best movie!!
5|15721|I gave this movie a 5 because I thought the movie was really interesting and I like how it focuses on a real life issue like cigarettes. I think it really reached out to the audience about what goes on in a real life corporate world.
5|13436|This could be described as the All American film. It includes so much of our country's history, from Vietnam to JFK as seen through the eyes of a man named Forrest Gump. It is also a great feel and good story because Forrest has a lower IQ than most people.
5|2174|What is this, two girls with green eyes?! I will marry them both! Shut up Mista Burton! Son of a bitch must pay! Indeed! ooh Mao Yin, I need you Mao yin! The guys just stands there, waiting for me to drive my truck straight through him with light coming out of his mouth! You leave Jack Burton alone! He showed great courage. 
5|17888|Almost scared me!
5|4505|This was much better than I had expected it to be. In fact it was great. A great story and I like the way Disney braught a great piece of history to life and mixed in its own magic. An excellent movie for all children and some adults.
5|859|This movie was tight. I was totally in suspense until the very end. The little boy in the movie played his part very well.
5|2160|Great movie that lives up to the book it's based upon. Those that found it slow were probably expecting a typical Vietnam, action-packed movie, and not an intelligent, philosophical drama.
5|695|Alot better than U.S. Marshalls
5|4511|You're kidding, right? Bambi is one of Disney's all time classics. I like this even better than the Lion King . I loved the story, the characters, and the theme of man against nature. A story filled with comedy, love and sadness. One for the family!
1|24779|I cannot even begin to tell you how incredibley dull and pathetic an attempt of film making this was.
5|19669|An easy close second to the first film in the series. A nice original plot putting the last children of Elm Street all in one nice little Asylum of crazies. And Heather Langencamp and John Saxon return. Not to mention the always pretty Patricia Arquette.
5|9035|I rented this on DVD recently. It had been years since I'd seen it. We roared through most of it... Paul Newman gave a great tongue-in-cheek performance. One of the great benefits of the DVD format is the special features. One cool thing that I learned was that the film was based on the real-life Carlson Brothers...hockey maniacs. Two of the three "Hanson Brothers" in the film WERE Jeff and Steve Carlson...the guys who inspired the film. Want a great laugh? "Slap Shot" is one of the great sleeper comedies of all time. 
5|6306|My Fair Lady is definitely one of the classics.
5|1469|I have to admit I did not like Q.T. previous work but Kill Bill is awsome
5|13344|THE SOUND ALONE WAS OSCAR MATERIAL-MAKE SURE YOU WATCH IT WITH A GOOD SOUND SYSTEM
5|6460|An amazing movie and far, far ahead of its time. Film noir, but the storyline never slows for effect. Brilliantly put together and would probably get more respect if not compared to Welles's other classic Citizen Kane.
5|15735|This was one hell of a movie! I must have watched it like what, two.. hundred... thousand times, and the only reason that I stopped watching it is that my VCR broke. Bloody marvellous.. Keanu was really great in that movie and so was Charlize Theron. She is so beautiful it hurts! And no, I`m not gay. This movie has explicit sex scenes, full frontal nudity, it`s R rated. But thats not why I like it so much. I don`t even know why I like it so much. It is just so good, it`s got something that appeals to me. It is not too believable, and the make-sense factor is probably 3 out of 10, but the overall impression I got was that the movie was superb. I`m a humanist, I rest my case . And Keanu totally ruled the screen, because he actually acted, what a big step for him! Whoever did the casting in this movie did a very good job, because they figured everything right: people would come watch the movie because Keanu Reeves would be in it (that`s always a good sign) and then there was very impressive acting by Al Pacino, and a few side characters, so the great overall effect would be attained. Bottom line, the movie rocked, but then again, what movie doesn`t when it`s based on a good book and has got a big budget?
5|22199|Great movie to have on DVD!
5|21490|Great movie. Entertaining for many age groups. Follows a typical archetype. Great use of technology, especially for its time (pioneering work).
5|3518|Well 1st off....this movie was excellent!! I am really into movies and i can pretty much tell which 1s are really g00d! so w/ that info i am telling ya that this is a must c! the actors were very well casted..there was Paul Walker(wat a FoX) and this big muscular dude who is goin ta be in anotha movie soon(i think called the knockout boys) Newayz..sori i cant remeber his naem but he was very good in it..they were basically the stars of it! : ) The movie was about this undercover cop(Paul Walker) tryin to figure out who are the people that are stealing from supply trucks...and well it leads on from there..hehe...and well the movie has like the hottest cars w/ bad ass speed...to race..and if ur inta cars this movie is 4 u...its action packed...ok well I guess thats all..to give some info on it....JUst go c it 4 urself...(its great) : )
1|23770|Thank God those aliens had windows '95 are we were all screwed. Why revive the first lady twice just to kill her off in an anti-climactic scene? Why was Bill Pullman doing a bad Eastwood impression? Why was Judd Hirsch doing an even worse Jackie Mason? Why did the annoying guy from the Big Chill save the earth (Goldblum doing a dead on but dreadful impression of himself from that movie)? How can Will Smith drag an alien from Colorado to Utah and back to Nevada in one afternoon? Why did it take a hundred machine guns to kill that alien when Will knocked him out with one punch for two days last time? What was the point of teasing the Harry Conick, Jr. character without developing him enough that we should care that he died? Why are brain dead moviegoers so easily manipulated by things that go boom that they don't notice plot holes? Because it had a big budget and an all star cast I declare this movie as THE WORST WASTE OF CELLULOID IN THE HISTORY OF THE WORLD!!!!
5|18211|By: Laur This movie was scary for the first time when I saw it all by myself. I didn't know what to aspect in all because I didnt even know what the movie was about. The movie confuses me between real and not real. Like the black and white part where the police officer is showing all the scrachtes on the walls and geos down into the house and the door opens and they both the sheriff and camera person die and it shoes a little piece of the leatherface man. Now I thought it was real until I went on the internet to find out the real story on it, and I found out that this movie was basically based on Ed Geins two killings and his house of dead women. I am still confused and think that the movie could be real, but then it's all made up sept for some parts. Like that Ed Gein wore the skin of his victims as mask, and find a woman hanging from the ceiling. I rate this film a 5-great becuase the movie sure did trick me cause I still think it's true and its all just about Ed Gein. If a movie can trick me like that is diserves a big number.
5|7756|i love this movie, there was one summer (98 i believe) when my friends and i would watch it nearly every day we were at camp. it never got old.
5|5141|At first I thought it was just a kids ecscuse for an action movie but it was very good. Its about a tenage boy named Cody Banks(Frankie muniz great)who allways gets nervous and stuters around girls. He had gone to a summer camp where they trained teens to work undercover with the csi.In his profile he is great with girls so he gets a mission to get close to a girl so he could find out about her dads secret project. Her dad is being forced to make insects to eat everything steel humans ect. The bad guy plan is to freeze them into ice cubes because if there not frozen they would eat everything they see. Send the ice cubes to csi and when they melt they would destroy the base. Meanwhile cody begins to like the girl(Hilarie Duff).I wont give away any more of the movie
5|2148|This is the original disaster movie. My favorite scene was when Stella Stevens fell into the fire, I'm sorry but she nagged her poor husband, Ernest Borgnine, to death and took Gene Hackmans side on everything, Seriously though, the best scene in the movie was Shelley Winters Death swim. The movie makes you wonder if you would have the guts to make that swim. I still wonder.
5|5627|This is definitely my favorite Hitchcock movie. It effectively capitalizes on people's desires to watch others. I was always wondering what Jimmy Stewarts' character would see in his neighbor's windows next. Then it became increasingly dark and suspenseful when he suspected one of his neighbors of murder. The buildup of suspense in this movie was masterful and showcased what made Hitchcock such a great director!
5|865|I enjoyed this movie overall. From the effects, to the plot, to the overall concept of the movie. This is a video that everyone should have at home.
5|4539|the best movie of 2004
1|24751|Do I smell something bad? Yes I do... it's this movie.
5|16572|A loverly story.
5|7030|This is a classic 80's movie. It never gets old. For me, it's as funny today as it was then.
1|20523|You're kidding me right?
5|9009|Fav Woody Allen film. Unfortunately he's made over again a couple of times since.
5|1455|I can understand if people didnt like it because it was slow,but i think it was a really good looking movie.
5|17678|On New Year's Eve in Tehran, a 7 year old girl sets her heart on buying a pretty goldfish,but time and events seem to conspire against her.From this slight premise,aided immensely by Kiarostami's script and young Mohammedkhani's irresistible performance,director Panahi delivers a wholly absorbing and convincing child's eye view of shopkeepers,snakecharmers,soldiers and strangers,while generating a quite amazing level of suspense.New York Critics' Film of the year and winner of numerous other awards, The White Balloon is a worthy representative of Iran's magnificent contemporary cinema:a fascinating cultural insight,ideal family viewing,and a miniature delight.
5|5633| Rear Window is one of Alfred Hitchcock's greatest achievements. A tour de force on the asthetics of why we watch, whether it be movies or anything else. He's like an artist, painting a picture that is so realistic, you'd swear it was an actual photograph. That's how good he was, and that's how good Rear Window is. Hitchcock should have received an Oscar for his work on the film, because it, along with Vertigo, is the ultimate artist's masterpiece. 
5|871|Creepily engaging. This movie rates near the top of my list in all important catagories. The storyline was absoulutely phenomenal.
1|14686|I can't believe people actually liked this god awful movie. A real lawyer wouldn't let some piece of trailer trash that dresses like she's a friggin' prostitute yell profanity in their face. But I guess if you flash some cleavage you can get whatever your tiny heart desires.
1|24745|Terrible! Halle Berry what were you thinking? The storyline is stupid, the acting is boring,and the plot never takes off. No chemistry at all between Benjamin Bratt and Halle Berry, oh and that terrible Catwoman suit and boots. The movie should be in the comedy category , instead of action movie . The critics were right on the money this time.
5|19133|Blade had great special effects. The movie made me believe that there are really vampires out there.
5|10671|A terrific showcase for the awesome talents of Johnny Depp! Comedy isn't usually one's first thought, but his seamless presentation of physical comedy offsets his gentle take on a rather oddball misfit. Watch it and enjoy!
1|12591|Another victim to the Hollywood remake trend. Charlize Theorn made an awful Aeon Flux. The costume is the worst. I prefer the cartoon over the movie remake.
5|1333|Arguably Taratino's best film, this one packs in the most excitement and the best writing. Harvey Keitel is excellent as MR. White and Steve Buscemi plays a wonderful Mr. Pink, but Tim Roth is the real show stopper as Mr. Orange (Freddy Nuindike). Tarantino make an appearance as Mr. Brown and Lawrence Tierney is a tough but funny crime boss. Michael Madsen's Mr. White cahracter get to have most of the fun (i.e. cutting the ear of of Marvin Nash the captured police officer, and generally playing it cool). The constant backdrop of K-Billy's Super Sounds of the seventies makes the perfect frame for this film. Best Scene: Are you gonna bark all day little doggy, or are you gonna bite? 
5|13378|Just an Amazing story,Awsome cinematogrophy, and the best performance Tom Hankes has done. The story of a stupid person that never does anything actually stupid. he just kinds of floats by so many Historical moments and has such big roll in history he is not even aware of.He grows up Alabama raised by just his mother barly makes into public school, but insup being on the national football league because of his ability run fast. From then on he meets three presidents, serves in Vietnam, Is awarded the medal of honor, speakes infront of thousands during a war protest, gos to China and plays in the world ping-pong championship, uncovers the watergate scandle, starts the biggest scrimpin company in America, is one of the original investors in micresoft, and runs for three years straight across the country. Obviously he has an exciting life, but after advevture always returns to his home in Alabama. An epoc film, and historicly Amazing. You will never see life the same once you have seen it through the eyes of FORREST GUMP
1|20245|Without hesitation, the very worst of all the film Fridays. The acting is particularly horrible, as is the plot. The ending is not surprising at all, and the viewer doesn't care for one second about any of the characters. The only thing it's got going for it is the gratuitous nudity, which is more present in this film than in any other Friday.
5|7742|This is probably the weirdest film I have ever seen, and I am a fan of Yellow Submarine , The Wall , and American Beauty . It evokes its humor and mood from such irony, that it is probably the most effective movie I've seen without gratuitous sex, violence, or language. We see what's happening, and that alone is enough to keep you on your toes. Where else but in this film would a vending machine hold the fate of humanity? And the most famous image, that of Lt. Kong riding the bomb as it falls to the ground, just ties up so much irony, it's sickening. Great film, all-around. If you haven't seen it, do so, by all means. Although the Cold War is long over, it holds great relevance today....
5|12066|This was another funny movie by Rob. And of course Collens hot so thats a plus for the movie.
5|15709|Amazing movie..incredibly moving..enlightening. Not only is the story deeply emotional and spiritual..the cinematography..scenery..colors are simply phenomenal.
1|10386|Worst movie ever. Are you kidding me?
1|3738|Never saw it but Raiders of the Lost Ark should be number 1.
5|13393|Almost everything you could ask for.
5|9784|The best movie of the year. D.L. Hughley is the best. I never knew how funny racism could be. I hope to see a sequel or a TV show. I can't wait to see it on DVD.
1|9573|Renee Zellwegger: overrated.
5|21447|THE ULTIMATE SCI-FI ADVENTURE! ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES EVER!
5|21321|This film wastes a lot of talent except for Aerosmith who suck! The only redeeming thing about this film is a few well performed songs by the Bee Gees!
1|2340|You know what? Hollywood won't stop making these movies until we stop watching them. You will continue to see terrible special effects and even worse acting until we stop wasting our money. The Mummy is one of the many perfect examples of worthlessness that are being tossed in our direction. For the love of God don't watch this movie.
5|24259|It's a great movie. I love Lara Croft and Angelina Jolie is sexy and looks exactly like her. The game and the movie are both great.
5|12933|I enjoyed this movie. Shawshank Redemption was very well developed. They put a lot of time into developing each character. It held my attention until the end and had a very unique ending. I would definitely recommend it.
5|15084|I like the way they filmed it, it looked like an amature movie. Del Toro is awsome! good storyline!
1|18057|Hated the book. Hate the movie. King should have quit YEARS before this mindless drivel. Bates did OK with what she had to work with. Gore does not equal horror. Horror is an emotion. Gore is blood and guts spewing on the screen. That doesn't scare me.
5|12927| You either get busy living, or you get busy dying. This is a tightly crafted movie you have to see twice to fully appreciate; things you learn at the end of the first viewing change the way you interpret the events from earlier in the movie. The only flaw IMHO is Stephen King's stilted views of prison guards (too cruel) and prisoners (many too sheepish).
5|23522|this one is more interesting then the first one.
5|21453|The # origional star wars movies are 3 of the greatest movies of all time!
1|8679|horrible
5|7965|Brilliant! Bill Murray is Excellent, and such a clever film too
5|9790|I like this movie because I enjoy comedy. This movie took comedy off the stage and put it onto the big screen. It provided non-stop laughs, which is a good thing for a comedy.
1|16708|how could such a great ensemble suck so much? Katie Holmes naked. See the last five minutes of the movie. That's it. Sucked anal leakage. 
5|118|This movie is so great. The scenes between Lecter and Clarice are so intense, you can actually feel it. Some will be turned off by the subject matter, but the ones who stay with it will not be disappointed. I don't want to give too much away.
5|20765|This is a must see when the auidence gets involved and the participation is high. Some people act out the movie while the viewers yell at the screen. The music is catchy. Trust me, you will get some lyrics stuck in your head.
5|22172|This is one of the greatest sci-fi movies of all time. With mind blowing special effects, the Matrix really packs a punch. But what sets it apart from other movies is its incredibly original plot. It really makes you look differently at the world around you.
5|9960|GREAT funny movie, it makes fun of almost every movie you can think of. Good cast and great jokes.
1|24792|Starring Hillary?
1|9229|Adam Sandler sucks!
1|1675|What a boring turkey! It would be hard for any film to be more pretentious and contrived than this one. My 13 year old son, a martial arts master, shunned this film, and he was right.Unless you're into Asians swinging around on cables alot skip this movie! Dutchvu 
5|17863|A great scary movie. One of the classics that everyone should see.
5|5828|Citizen Kane is a cinema work of art. It's a masterpiece. They just don't make movies like this one anymore. Furthermore one must admire not only Orson Welles talent and geniousness but how young he was when he made the film. How many people in their 20's were making films that would make history? The story of Citizen Kane is a timeless one. Charles Foster Kane goes from rags to riches you could say, but never really finds happiness. It's the story of one man despite his wealth and power is never really secure. The movie works on so many levels because of Orson Welles, the great storyline, the wonderful cast with Joseph Cotton, Everett Sloan, Agnes Moorehead, Ray Collins, Ruth Warrick,and Dorothy Comingore, and because of Welle's genius lighting and camera work. It should be a must see for any movie fan.
5|18588|Tied for my all time favorite horror movie along with the original Dawn Of The Dead
1|12234|Wonderful heart warming family film. You'll laugh, you'll cry. You'll want you'r f*cking money back!! WHAT A STINKY PIECE!!!!!
1|2368|This was terrible. They completely destroyed any resemblance this movie might have had to the original TV Series, which was fantastic.
1|19361|not scary .
5|7781|I resisted watching this movie for so long mostly because of the title. I just thought it would be a really dumb unfunny picture. But after Big Daddy I was eager to see Adam Sandler's other movies, so I finally watched Happy Gilmore. I admit I was wrong! Never judge a book by its cover or a movie by its title I guess. Happy Gilmore is funny, fast-paced and good fun. There is even a hilarious scene with Bob Barker of the Price is Right.
5|22166|The Matrix was full of excellent special effects along with a daring, rarely seen plot. The portrayals of the outside world and the Matrix created a world that is consistant and imaginative. See it at least once-you'll wish you could see it again.
5|7959|THIS IS BILL MURRAY AT HIE BEST ABSOULUTELY HILARIOUS. 
1|1107|Another blood-soaked exercize is stupidity, this movie is just as bad as other useless movies (Godfather, Saving Private Ryan) that push the limits of entertainment beyond decent. Violence, negative role models, and profanity is everywhere. But, a spark of creativity or optimism is nowhere to be found. Why would anyone want to watch this?
5|20771|I really enjoyed Rocky Horror Picture Show. It's definitely not for people who are very conservative. It had everything from transexuals, homosexuals, adultery, and such. This movie is a nice mixture of comedy and music. The songs are totally off the wall and very entertaining. Rocky Horror Picture Show is a major no brainer movie that I would recommend to anybody.
1|8645|This has got to be one of the stupidest, most unfunny piece or tripe I have ever seen. Grodin and De Niro whould have known better than to make a turkey like this one. When I see it scheduled on TV, I find something else to do, so I won't turn on the tv and accidently see this assinine movie. I absolutly hate it.
5|2821|Nice adaption of the game. This game does justice to the James Bond movie. Four player game option is nice. Lots of replay value.
5|4707|It's beautiful!!!
5|483|A mesmerizing look into the lives an organized crime family through the eyes of a neighborhood Irish/Italian kid (Played as an adult by Ray Liotta) recruited at a young age to perform small jobs and later rising through the ranks as a soldier and racketeer. Director Martin Scorsese's masterpiece epic features a brilliant ensemble cast, (including many of his group of "regulars" from earlier fims including; "Mean Streets", "The Raging Bull", and later, "Casino.") an excellant soundtrack, and many depictions of graphic violence. While the film is laced with dark and subtle humor, certain scenes are not for the squeemish. Robert Dinero co-stars as the brutal Irish-American thug Jimmy Conway, giving a powerful, and menacing performance. Paul Sorvino, as mob boss Paul Cicero is also standout as is Lorraine Brocco as the wife of Henry Hill (Liotta). The breakout star of the film is Joe Pesci (winner of the Best Supporting Actor for his role in the fim), who, as the sociopathic Tommy DeVito, steals nearly every scene that involves him, and his murder at the hands of the family that be believes he is moving up in, signals the downhill slide of the principal characters and of the tale itself. With Tommy eliminated, the shady world that had been illuminated for it's glamour and allure, quickly reveals massive, unrepairable cracks eventually ending with all of the players either dead or in prison. Scorcese purposefully lures the viewers into this tale of high times and easy money before dropping the inevitable trap door that springs to life the eternal message that, "Crime doesn't pay!" Scorsese's mob films are not at all like Coppolla's "Godfather" series as the graphic nature and profanity laced dialogue is less likely to create the image of the sort of "tragic hero" portayed by Al Pacino, Marlon Brando (and a young Robert Deniro) who appear as almost likable family men whereas the boys in the Cicero gang are more of the ruthless killer type. The classic scene in which Joe Pesci's Tommy "D" has Ray Liotta's character nearly crapping himself before a confused bunch of his cohorts while reveling in a nightclub ("You think I'm a clown? I amuse you? What the f@#k is so f@#king funny?...) shows how quickly these so-called friends can turn on each other and how confused and terrified they are in each other's presense. In my opinion, this is one of the ten best films made on American soil and it was and outright robbery that it was not named best picture and Scorsese also lost out on being named best director. This movie is popular with filmgoers, film students, and artists alike. How many lines can you recite from "Dances with Wolves?" (1990's Best Film and Best Director, Kevin Costner) I guess crime doesn't pay.
5|17452|Bergman's most brilliant,radical and original masterpiece,voted by international critics one of the all-time top 10,examines the relationship between an actress recovering from a breakdown and the nurse caring for her at a remote Swedish seaside cottage.A challenging film, but intimate,perceptive and extremely rewarding.The acting of Bibi Andersson and Liv Ullmann in the lead roles is quietly astonishing.Essential viewing for lovers of arthouse cinema.
5|6110|The greatest religious historical movie ever made. A long but captivating film about the evil Roman Empire and the rise of christianity. Directors William Wylers masterpiece.
1|10812|this movie was gay
1|2181|Way too over the top, and boring for me. Special effects are very limited, as well as any good acting.
5|9223|This has such excellent writing, I'd definitely consider it among the very best movies of the 1980s. Though the last 20 minutes are pretty lame, the large majority of it is wonderfully great. I'm actually not a big fan of dark comedies, but this one gets me every time. (I also like the allusions to the late great rock band, the Replacements -- Westerberg High and color me impressed -- I remember seeing some interview with Winona saying that she used that band's Sixteen Blue to get into character for this film.)
5|15245|Robin Williams is so good! this is funny and emotional, good combination.
5|15523|people that rates this bellow 5 is retarded they should all be shot and pissed on
5|7568|Monty Python are the kings of comedy. Life Of Brian is ABSOLUTELY HILARIOUS. ( I have a good fweind in Wome (Rome), his name is, Bigus Dickus ). It is absolutely hilarious, a real scream. Trust me, if your a fanatical christian or something, get over it and see this movie. Monty Python prove that they are the funniest. Summary: ABSOLUTELY HILARIOUS MONTY PYTHON FILM. 
5|6676|Another sad, tragic classic! A story of forbidden love between a woman of the upper class, and a man of no family. Love, however, is enduring, even in death. The last scene shot over the sweeping moors is surreal, and a classic tear-jerker.
5|13152|A marvellous movie, with an astonishing performance by De Niro, given that very few of his lines are in English. The rest of the cast is brilliant, as is the cinematography and direction. Together with the first, these are possibly the best pair of movies ever made. Don't expect much from the third, however.
5|9545|An outstanding romantic comedy from the male's perspective. What is the most brilliant about Favreau's writing of this piece is that he realized that with men, most of the comedy occurs before the romance ever starts. This is a modern classic and should be a pre-requisite for any young man.
1|5188|And the world needed another Rugrats Movie because................?
5|8883|If you need a good laugh watch this movie!!
5|1119|The movie Scarface with Al Pacino is an American movie classic filled with action and suspense. This is definitely my favorite movie of all time. From Cuban refugee to multi-millionaire, this is the best tale of the rise from the gutter to the hi-rise.
5|2410|Michael Dougles played this role really well, as a badass guy with a heart and a romance he won't forget.
5|17334|Audrey Tatou is practically edible in this film. It's about a whole lot of somethings/nothings (mostly in Amelie's head). Great use of voiceover narrative as a comedic device--the main character has minimal dialogue yet her expressions married with the narrative lead to outrageous laughter. A cute love story. And the lawn gnome! LOL!!!
5|20598|New York gangs, they sing, they fight, they fall in love. True classic deals with race relations as a whole gang fights a Puerto Rican gang. But despite all the fighting, it's a romantic love story.
5|4061|not as good as #1
5|19319|it was sooooooooooooooooo good. jake looked sooooooooooooooooo hot in it!! they should have more goth pics of him on the net. i cant find them n/e where
1|24209|One of the worst movies of this decade: awful, pretentious, and incredibly dull. The speech that Nick Nolte, (playing the Hulk's sinister mad scientist father) gives near the end, and his transformation into some sort of elemental creature are so laughably ludicrous that I almost couldn't believe my eyes and ears. Avoid if at all possible!
5|21686|I really enjoyed this movie because I thought that the creator was very creative. I was very impressed with all the characters and places he thought of. I also liked the storyline.
5|18013|I love it, especially the ending
5|2404|Arlington road is the best movie I ever seen! I love it!!!!!! Tim Robbins and Jeff Bridges are excellent ! There is suspens, action, and beautiful actors : Tim and Jeff! I love them and i love arlington road !!! 
5|17320|A near perfect film. . .you actually feel squeezed in the submarine with the sailors. The director's cut is long and requires an attention span and a brain- if you have a short attention span then don't bother. DAS BOOT is the greatest and most realistic sub movie ever. The book is even better.
5|4075|Very cute movie. It is open to those young and old. Any audience would love this movie. The voices of the characters are well known actors and actresses, which draws a lot of viewers to go see the movie.
5|21692|Excellent sequel...
5|15537|This movie was great! But very dramatic.
5|12258|worst movie ever. loved it.
5|13146|Schindler's List was one of the most realistic, touching holocost movie that's been made. It's black white, with 3 parts which symbolize life that is colored. Great Movie!
5|14629|I thought this movie was going to be a typical whodunit, but this movie surprised me by having many layers. Sean Penn earned his Best Actor Oscar with his skillful portrayal of Jimmy, whose daughter is murdered. Jimmy is more complex than he appears at the beginning of the movie, and is not just a grieving dad. Penn's acting in this movie convinced me that he is the Marlon Brando of my generation. Tim Robbins is also deserving of praise as the psychologically scarred Dave, who is still trying to come to grips with a childhood trauma. Tim Robbins portrays Dave as a sensitive, but wounded, gentle giant. I agree with a previous poster who stated that Mystic River should have won Best Picture and Best Director. Mystic River posesses an immediacy that a dopey fable like Lord of the Rings sadly lacks.
5|8897|I read the name and was in love (ha ha). Charecters were developed in a very unique way, with the narration helping this development. I almost took the part where the dog is told not to Snatch personally, because I saw myself jumpin on the band wagon, and snatching it up. I took this movie very seriously. I wanted to watch it again and again. I want to be like any of the charecters, that is why I liked this movie. The charecters are unique. I associated with Bullet Tooth Tony the most, he was a bad ass and he got the job done, or so we wre made to think from the story about him taking 6 bullets. He had his way of doing things and it worked. Like Avi did, I would also hire this man. The black men added some comedy to the story. Brit Top (the nemisis) is the perfect villen. I enjoyed seent him get taken out. Brad Pitt and the Pikers, need I say more! I now need to take a trip to England. Anybody know how to get to Antwerp?
5|497|Fantastic Movie.
5|17446|Toshiro Mifune is still the last samurai.
5|1643|stylish and graceful, done in mandarin, not with cheesy cliched american accents, beautiful settings, an authentic chineese feel to it, a solid storyline and great martial arts. definatly martial ART.
5|14167|This movie was excellent. Very shocking and eye opening. Living in a somewhat liberal city makes you blind and think that this sort of discrimination doesn't happen. The story was well told, and the movie was gripping.
5|13608|A little simplistic in it's portrayal of rebellion and middle-class ennui, but in these times of resurgent conformity and material crassness, it's very refreshing to see a movie promote, among other things, simple joy and pleasure. The acting is fantastic. Spacey deserves the acclaim he received; Wes Bentley is also mesmerizing. 
5|12516|I loved this very beautiful, sad and poignant movie about wasting a LIFE and LOVE because of fear--fear of others and of living honestly. We've all experienced this fear to some degree in our lives and have paid a price for it. That's why this movie's appeal is universal. We can all relate. 
5|23913|I would give the cinematography 10/10, direction 10/10, acting 10/10, and script 8/10. I was amazed from the level of lighting, sets and frame arrangement. I was following the images rather than the story.
5|15279|I like most movies but love very few. The Hurricane is in an elite catagory in my mind. It was a great story (mostly true), it was great acting and it had some boxing in it. It also made viewers think in a different mind set than usual at convicted felons.
1|15956|The movie just seems old way overdone
5|16770|Aside from the rivaling band directors, the cast was full of a bunch of unknowns. I found the film to be believable and it made my long for my college days.
5|5425|Although cheesy, it's a must-see movie, especially during Christmas.
5|17308|I m definitely not a big fan of foreign cinema, but Life is Beautiful is something special. This is one of those rare movies that s almost perfectly put together every single scene is an integral part of the overall movie. The story is incredibly moving. And Roberto Benigni's performance was truly worthy of the Oscar he won it s impossible not to get attached to his character Guido, a father who relies on his amazing imagination to prevent his son from suffering while they are prisoners in a Nazi concentration camp. Who would have thought someone could make a funny movie about the Holocaust, while never once detracting from the seriousness of the tragedy?
5|5343|i loved the book and the movie was just as good
5|16016|One of my favourite movies... Keanu rocked in this flick.
5|19325|this movie was the best! i thought Jake Richardson was a total hunk. now i'm a bit obsessive with him but thats all cool. hehe. but this movie was a good jumping type movie shows how some ppl do get picked on i loved it an it totally deserves a 5 star.
5|6892|Simply funny !!! one of my best classic comedy movies
5|12270|Simply genious!
1|20053|It sucked. save yourself the trouble, dont bother to see it.
5|7554|You've got to look on the bright side of life.
5|1125|My favorite gangsta' movie of all time is Scarface. It's a timeless scrutiny of the Mafia life. If you like the Mob this is the movie for you.
5|14601|Ice Cube does a good job portraying your typical gangster. A great cast of actors. Laurence Fishburne and Cuba Gooding Jr. do great. This movie has been said to be the pillar of hip-hop movies. It shows a whole other side of LA.
5|6886|There should be a fantastic button to rate this movie. If you didn't like the Holy Grail then you don't like to laugh.
1|20047|Just plain BORING!!!!!
5|1131|Al Pacino is one of my favorite actors. That movie has some of the best action for an early 80's picture. The character of Tony Montana was brilliant.
5|14615|This movie was very moving. It expressed the true life of the ghetto and how life was for others. Although I couldn't relate to it myself, it was very emotionally moving.
1|17833|when I think of this movie, one word comes to mind: yicky!
1|12793|What a waste of a movie... If Americans want to eat fast food, let them eat it. This was just a stupid movie about a man who wanted to prove how bad it was for us. Anything you eat 3 times a day for 30 days isn't going to turn out pretty. What an imbecile
5|5357|The acting and plot were great.
5|4049|This movie is wonderful. The old-fashioned styling and pure Disney storyline made it very enjoyable
5|16764|Fantastic Movie!!!! The storyline is very simple and is very lifelike! It is about a boy that questions life. It is an honest portrayal of a young boy! It makes you think! One of the best movies I have seen in a long time!
1|24547|boooooring.....
5|5431|This movie was great in the sense that it explored a war hero as he had never been explored before. Surely the commander was a good man and a great solider, but his lust for greatness and legend came over his want to fight for the cause. This was eventually his demise. I do agree with PBeavr, this isn't exactly a war movie, it's really more of a character exploration and story telling movie, and a great one at that.
5|1657|A memorable film. Gorgeous choreography and cinematography. Fluid direction and beautiful, beautiful music, that perfectly compliments the film. Acting is excellent. An emotional experience. I urge you to see this film. 
5|14173|This movie is superb. Hillary Swank was incredible. She is a wonderful actress. The movie was poignant and heavy. The fact that it was real made the movie more intense. It's a downer, but worth watching it!
5|7226|john candy is wat some may call a god. same with steve martin
5|23907|Brad Pitt did a good job in this movie. People may think he's all looks, and while he does look good, his acting looked just as splendid in this film. From what I knew about this battle coming into the movie, I thought the directors did a good job. There were a couple of sketchy things, like Orlando Bloom's acting, which made me think about the hot girl in front of me, but otherwise, that girl couldn't have distracted me from this movie at all, because it was very well done.
5|15286|I loved the plot to this movie and the fact that it was true made it even better. I really recomend this movie to anyone!!!!
1|10609|long and boring. i can't even remember the storyline now. it was that boring
5|23734|Well, I saw all of it except the last 15 minutes of it because they called us out because a tornado was heading our way. Needless to say, what I saw of it, it was very good. The graphics are incredible.
1|11517|This piece of worthless filth is not only a testament to the emptiness of modern American cinema, but also a cultural void, sucking the spirits of a generation of youth. Not only is it unfunny, but also painfully crude, with predictable gags about (snicker) MASTURBATION (snicker) and people that stick flutes up each others' asses... What? It resorts to recirculations of the already wothless gags of the original, and continues in its predecessor's path of the dehumanization of women. The glorifiaction of almost pre-adolescent behavior is extended into a sequence praising, in essence, the male predeliction for pornographic voyuerism of lesbians, and exhibits reluctance among the boys toward homosexuality- but they'll do anything to watch two girls together. There's nothing sexy about anything in the film, but there is offense on layers. The worst insult to women since Road Trip .
5|16957|I thought it was such a great movie! It was funny at times, but I got a cried like 4 times! A wonderful movie and so sad!
5|17491|Excellent movie! Beautifully directed which packing the punch and displaying the wonderful and colourful atmosphere of an Indian Punjabi wedding.
5|21123|The original 1970's version is trully one of the worst movies ever made, ranking down there with Peter Frampton in SGT PEPPER'S. THe reason I gave this four stars is for the 2000 remake, which I believe was released direct to video ond DVD. That is the version that deserves *****!! It is tremendous. Check it out if you have never seen it.
5|21645|I really really love this movie. The scenery was spectacular, even though it was filmed in my country. My horse was part of the film and I think its really cool to have a part of the film for myself. great Job Peter. 
5|9586|This is well done, witty movie that I highly recommend. It is well worth the movie ticket price and a second or third viewing!
1|11271|I never thought a movie could actually be a true insult to gigolos everywhere, but this B-rated piece of junk should be thrown in the garbage disposal to never be heard from again...a total waste of time...
5|8840|THIS IS A FREAKING WICKED MOVIE!
1|17600|a horrible movie. I can't believe I sat through the whole thing. It was painful.
5|8698|i love this film!
5|13185|One great classic. If you haven't seen this give yourself a treat. I never cared for the title and it was years before I watched it and was totally surprised at what a great movie it was.
5|23046|I absolutely LOVED Spider-Man! To me, it is the best of ALL of the comic book movies ever made. (Yes, even better than Superman!) Tobey Maguire was a bold choice on director Sam Raimi's part, but he nailed it! Kirsten Dunst was very good as Mary Jane Watson, however the only critique was that she always seemed much more self-assurred than in the movie. That, and she ALWAYS called Pete Tiger . The guy playing Triple-J was AWESOME! He nailed him perfectly! Willem Dafor was a great choice for Gobby! Highly recommended! (For a more indepth review by me, please go to www.overtime.blogspot.com).
5|8854|Absolutely brilliant from start to finish. Wonderful performances from Wilder, Mostel, and the guy who years later was on the awful Mr. Belvedere show, he played a pretentious gay director. Hilarious lines, and a great and original idea in the first place. One of Mel Brooks' best. For me, the song that the offbeat and wacky, almost forgotten comedian Dick Shawn sings about flowers is priceless. "THE POWER OF A... SWEET FLOWER!"He was great as both a forgetful hippie with a Warholesque Campbell's soup can around his neck, and also playing a jive talking hipster Hitler. Kenneth Mars as the crazed Nazi playwright was awesome too. A true gem.
5|6879|A wonderful adaptation of age-old myth and legend. The Holy Grail manages to turn even treasured antiquity into comic genius. Even situations of imminent peril become running gags, and witty dialogue makes even nonsense seem important.
5|14832|I loved this movie. It was a fair and insightful look into the very complicated issue of the death penalty.
5|21651|i think its the best star wars movie besides episode 3
5|21889|I gave Back to the Future a 5 because I thought the concept of the movie was very original. I liked seeing how the creator perceived the future. My favorite out of the trilogy was the second one.
5|17485|If you want to see a great movie, this is certainly one. I know a lot of people have an aversion to reading subtitles, but this is one time when you shouldn't let that bother you. This is a completely captivating film, and it's considered by many to be even better than the Disney version. I'm a little undecided on that, but it's a very close race. Rent this one (if you can find it) and you'll be glad you did, just give it a chance.
5|21137|I like Kevin Bacon, and I like Footloose. This movie made me dance and dance often.
1|3248|This is a horrible movie. Possibly the worst James Bond movie ever. The acting by Denise Richards was deplorable, and the corny Bond jokes seem to have gotten worse. In addition, the rich oil daughter lady was supposed to be the prettiest girl in the world, but she really isn't.
5|20201|Loved it!
1|12022|Movies like this should not even be allowed to be maid. Weed that makes you smarter. Sorry, but that point wouldn't even escape Snoop after 40 blunts.
5|3097|Great movie with accurate military depictions. Shows the truth that sometimes war is necessary.
1|24590|Overrated stinkorama. Some of the bad SCI-FI movies Mystery Science Theater 3000 makes fun of was better than this snorefest. Supposedly, the entire scenery and background was computer animated. If that's the case, then I was praying for the Blue Screen of Death to pop up and get me out of this. So utterly boring, the drab background was dull and unimaginative. Even the Fx stunk. The planes looked plain dumb. The story was like some 9th rate film noir by some rookie hack. Absolutely zero chemistry between Jude Law and Apple's mom. I used to like Jude Law (especially in Talented Mister Ripley), but his string of stinkers (Alfie, Closer, and this detritus) makes him the latest actor to go shark jumping. We may only remember him as the dude who stood next to Ashlee Simpson when she complained about acid reflux on SNL.
5|19480|This was a really great movie! Scary suspenceful, anything you could ask for!
5|1858|Enter the Dragon is the best Bruce Lee flick ever made.
5|1680|I was so into the movie that when it ended I wanted to have a sword fight and leap across rooftops.
5|23708|Nemesis epitomizes how a Trek movie should be! Starting off with the classic Star Trek The Next Generation theme against a background of moving stars, you know you are in for a great motion picture! The special effects are awesome and even beat the ones found in First Contact and Insurrection. The awesome cast of actors could show Tom Cruise, Vin Diesel and other overrated dramatic actors a good lesson in how to act. The plot is great and has a lot of mind games, just as a Trek plot should. There are some AWESOME touches of continuity: from previous events, characters from Deep Space Nine and Voyager (!!!!), old friends dropping by, other alien races from past adventures and more. The action sequences are so much better than James Bond, XXX, Mission Impossible and others that its not even funny. Rivaling Wrath of Khan and First Contact for best Trek movie ever, I gladly give Nemesis five out of five stars!!
1|2618|This movie was disturbing. The effects were pretty good but that didn't make up for the terrible plot.
5|24701|The special effects were great. I liked the story. There were a lot of heartstopping scary parts. Kevin Bacon did a good job in this movie. I couldn't even tell it was computer generated.
5|6689|One of the best westers ever made! Peckinpah's tale of 4 men on a mission is still influential today, John Woo and Tarantino owe him a huge debt. Just look at his use of violence and slow motion for the proof. Excellent cast, gorgeous cinematography and shot with great style. 
1|5177|Not Good
5|6851|If you don't like this film I shall fart in your general direction! Now go away or I shall taunt you a second time!!
5|7597|i think this movie is a little more subtle than other comedies. the comedy comes not from plot, really, but from characterization. Clooney is funny because he's so cocky and 'dapper'. hIS Two partners in crime are really funny, too. So many funny lines, but they're subtle, not shoved in yoour face. some people can watch this movie without seeing anything funny at all, but i laughed from beginning to end. Great characters, great movies, great music, too (and i don't even like country that much). And, despite the yellow-ish nature of the film, it's very beautiful.
1|20090|I hate this movie. Can someone say boring? This is the most boring movie I ever watched. I got a fat headache from the camera's movements. Talk about a waste of seven bucks.
5|21679|George Lucas has outdone himself with the final movie of the Star Wars trilogy. This movie shows that the force has a way of balancing good and evil. I liked the story, the props and setting used in the story, the technology concepts, and revealing of Jabba the Hut was unforgettable. The true glory of a revolution and efforts of one Jedi can show one that we are never limited in any of our dreams.
5|20567|By far the best movie ever made! It's definitely my favorite. I had the honor of seeing it in an old, preserved theater in Milwaukee, WI and it was a very emotional experience. I love Donald O'Connor's energy, Debbie Reynolds's spunk, and who doesn't adore Gene Kelly's romp through the rain while he's singing the title track?
1|12744|Run far far away from anything Michael moore writes. The slant he writes with is unbelievable. I find it hard to believe the First Amendment protects his type, but it does. Betcha the Framers never saw him coming...betcha they're wretch the minute they saw his pile'o'****.
5|3929|Very good original story done all with computers. I just loved this movie about toys that come to life when the humans are not around. Woody is a toy cowboy who is devoted to his Kid Andy. Woody is Andy's favorite toy until Buzz Lightyear comes and now Woody feels he has lost Andy. Woody wants to get rid of Buzz. this only backfires and both end up at Sids a boy who loves to destroy toys. Now they must work together to get away from Sid and back to Andy who will be moving away.This is a family movie all ages can enjoy. We all loved the movie and found it to be very funny and entertaining. There are some good actors providing the voices such as Tom Hanks and Tim Allen.
5|20573|This is the quintessential movie musical. Totally happy, totally wonderful. It has some of the best dancing you'll ever see, thanks to Gene Kelly and Donald O'Connor. Singin' in the Rain is the ultimate in feel-good films.
5|11976|HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HAHA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!
5|5394|Definitely an all-time classic. One of the best of the 40's, and Frank Capra's masterpiece.
1|1305|I never got into the whole Pulp Fiction thing like everyone else did. Personally I thought the movie sucked.
5|8868|Honestly, it's the only stoner movie that I can stand.
5|22364|Rightly one of the scariest movies of all time. No other film instills fear and lonliness in the viewer like this picture. I nearly soiled myself when the Alien's hand shot out of the wall or when it pops out of that guys chest.
1|10621|It's not the worst movie I've ever seen, cause that was the Norwegian film Dis , but I'm quite sure it's the worst 1999-film probably the worst comedy in the 90ies! If there was an Oscar for Worst Actress, Julia Roberts would certainly get it! In 1990ies we aren't satisfied with voiceless boring movies with no action! :-(
5|13807|Excellent movie. I liked this movie a lot, I would watch it again. Good story line. I would recommend this movie to everyone. After watching this movie, I was amazed by the story that I kept talking about it for hours and hours after. It made me cry a lot.
5|1694|Don't think that you won't enjoy this because it is one, a foreign film or two, a martial arts film. Ang Lee is the director of Ice Storm and Ride With the Devil both high profile American movies. He is also the director of Wedding Banquet/Eat Drink Man Woman/and Pushing Hands. He knows character, action, story and cinematography. Crouching Tiger is a Chinese fairy tale come to life. I loved it. You will believe that man can fly.
5|20215|Best in the series. Great scene with party and pool. Freddy posseses nerd and rocks the house. The kid in this looks like the kid from Christine. Totally surreal scenes done with miniatures.
5|468|As always, the Indiana Jones series are great movies. The best was this last movie. It had a good storyline that had a family sense to it(Indiana and his father). That is what I think gave it humor and made it a fun movie to watch. People can relate to it.
5|3083|SPOILER ALERT!!! I absolutely loved the movie. The plot was excellent and i loved how "Bo" kept killing off the paparazzi involved in the accident. The real paparazzi don't like this movie, but i think they should realize that what they do, tortures people. 
5|7582|I have long been a fan of Monty Python, and currently own all of their feature films and several episodes of the old tv show. Life of Brian was amazingly scripted, with just enough biblical references to make it seem historical, yet blasphemous enough to be funny and incredibly insulting to religious people.
1|3513|This movie was a waste of time to me. It was so boring that I couldn't pay attention to the movie. do not rent it unless you want money to go down the drain.
5|22365|Probably THE scariest movie ever made. Suspenseful from beginning to end. Not a rip-off of an earlier movie as someone else had suggested. As the tag line says: In space-no one can hear you scream.
5|8869|I thought it was a very funny movie and cheech and chong are hilarious and they also had better ones coming.
5|5395|Great lines: Pox upon me for the oaf that I am , Hee-Haw, Hee-Haw Great theme: An opportunity to examine the impact one's life makes on others. Great cast: Quintessential Jimmy Stewart (made me a life-long fan). Demure and tantalizing (naked in the bushes scene) Donna Reed. Great introspection: When young George has the loving maturity to understand Mr. Gower's grief over the loss of his son. Withstanding his verbal and physical barrage to prevent what could have been a fatally errant prescription. And Mr. Gower's belated awareness and subsequent thankfulness to George. Great scenes: The rush on the bank and Mary sacrificing their honeymoon nestegg to save it. Clarnece ordering that long past due drink at Martini's. And on and on and on. Great impact: Bert and Ernie...alive and well in the hearts of our children on Sesame Street... well of course you get it This is easily an all-time top 5 of my favorite movies that never ceases to choke me up and always makes me long a little for yesteryear. 
1|9758|Sucked. I totally didn't get what all the hype was about.
5|20572|This is my all time favourite movie ever. And I haven't seen anything yet to contradict this statement. Every little thing about it makes it special. You'll remember the first time you watched for ever.
1|8446|This one was just as bad as the horrible first one.
5|18953|Two days ago I saw Stigmata was overwhelmed! In fact I can't say witch one out of Forrest Gump Stigmata is the best I've ever seen - cause their both perfect! It puts As Good As It Gets as the third best I've seen. Just before I went into the cinema, I read an huge Norwegian news paper given the movie one out of six stars. It was the first I've ever read about the movie. When I came out of the movie, I felt like a new spiritual person. Throughout the whole movie I freezed on my back! I've just had one similar experienced, with Forrest Gump. Then I didn't freeze, I cried. For the first time in my life that I can remember, I freezed so intensely that I actually made me cry! The movie is extremely powerful, both when it comes to pictures/colours/scripts sounds, especially the combination! But unlike most movies, especially horror/thrillers [!!] it had a mission! The story made me look at the world with new eyes, like I was a five years old child discovering the realities in life the laws of the universe. It didn't only critize the Vatican Church, it also had something to tell the atheists among us. I feel more agnostic less atheistic now than before the movie. Forget the X-Files, forget the stories of people who claim they've met aliens ufos, forget the 'political correct use of violence' in Fight Club - Stigmata hits much harder! How could this extraordinary movie only get 6.1/10 from the IMDb.com users? Maybe because it's too controversial for them? Maybe because they were afraid of the film's message? Remember what a person said about Stigmata: Leave religion out of cinema! . Maybe they're afraid that their religious brainwashness will be washed away by the director? Even though I haven't seen The Exorcist, I will claim that it has nothing to do with it the reason is this: Stigmata is original because it's more than entertainment, it's also thought-provoking! :-D
5|469|I loved the film. It was full of great actors that complimented a great storyline. It was full of edge of your seat action and had a great ending to it. A must see. This is one of the few films that I can watch over and over again.
5|22417|Palpatine continues his conquest of domination and destruction of the republic. He looks a little more tired in this one because the quest for galactic domination is taking its strain. similar to phantom menace in that palpatine keeps pushing and gaining a stronger hold on the senate by not just being chancellor this time but gets the senate to elect him as a supreme commander/dictator to still the turmoil brought on by the trade federation. again palpatine is playing the trade federation, he used them in phantom menace to get elected chancellor, and here he uses them to get the clone army approved by the senate, and to gain ultimate control over the republic. at the same time he gets some termites who make battle droids for the trade federation to construct plans for a death star. and has count dooku deliver them to him on coruscant. i like dooku much more than darth maul who was all braun and no brains. i think palpatine will have a bit of trouble in getting rid of dooku, he is going to have to really work at out smarting dooku in the next film, because there can be only one emperor. jango fett continues the badass image of the fett's we got from boba in the old movies. i look forward to seeing boba in action in the third movie, because the effects with jango were excellent, he exemplifies everything a bounty hunter should be in the star wars universe. and what i wish i could have seen boba doing in the battle at the sarlacc pit in jedi. an unfitting end in movie history if i ever saw one. take his head off with a lightsabre or call it a draw, anything but igniting his jetpack by mistake and sending him headfirst into jabbas skiff then tumbling into the mouth of the sarlacc. kinda ironic it was a misfire of jangos jetpack that did him in. or was it? and by the way how come all the stormtroopers in the early films are so easy to killoff if they are all clones of jango should they not be a little more deadly and inventive. guess its the inbreeding over 30 years. nuff said. attack of the clones is a fun movie and nice addition to the star wars saga.
5|1859|Enter the Dragon is the best fighting movie of all time, immortalizing the Great Bruce Lee.
1|3261|John Woo did better work when he made low budget flicks with unknown actors and actresses. The worst performance in this movie goes to the bad guy, he just isn't evil enough and just isn't any good at being evil. Tom Cruise isn't much better as a hero, nowhere near as good as the first one. Best Scene: I can't think of any. 
5|18947|I loved this movie, although it was controversial. I am Catholic, and some of the issues really disturbed me. But I liked it because it really raised issues about the Catholic faith. The scenes were really intense.
5|3096|Exceptional movie. Truly an excellent movie. Maybe Bruce Willis' finest.
1|24591|Utter garbage. If Jude Law's career can survive that it can survive anything.
5|4921|This movie is heartwarming for the family. The kid can act. It has a nice storyline.
5|3928|One of the best childrens films I've ever seen. My grandfather usually falls asleep in childs films, but me, grandad, and my nephew went to see it, and he didn't fall asleep. Even commented on how good it was. Still is now. Do not miss. They've made a Toy Story 2 which is just as enchanting and wonderful. Summary: ONE OF THE BEST CHILDRENS FILMS I'VE SEEN. 
1|1310|Man oh man friends tell me that this movie really suck and im glad i havent seen this movie yet and not wastin on my money on wasted movies
5|11963|This was independent film gone wild. I'm told that most of the characters really were living in Austin.
5|20566|This is by far the best musical I have ever seen. Gene Kelly did a wonderful job and his singing/dancing skills were top notch! Donald O'Connor was halarious at many points in the film...and I would have to say I love the scene of Don and Kathy in Kathy's car when they first meet. When you're finished watching the film, you feel like going down the streets imitating Gene's 'Singin' in the Rain' scene. Would definetely recommend this movie to people of all ages.
5|7596|Surprisingly entertaing little movie. Based very loosly on the Homerian epic THE ODDESSY this movie has some very funny moments. It has rewatchablity. THe soundtrack is a nice change from the ordinary.
1|4268|Whistle While You Work? How effin cheesy!
1|5176|This show was never popular enough to warrant a big screen release. Not worth a rental.
5|6688|A violent, nihilistic film about the death of the west. The main cast is played by aging, tired looking actors, who perfectly fit the theme. Wanting to quit, they are, as was MacBeth So deeply steeped in blood, that returning would be harder tatn going on
5|21888|Best Michael J. Fox movie ever made. This movie made me want to buy a DeLorean. The sequels are just as good as the first.
5|3900|Wow! Beautifiul. Fun for the whole family. Climactic, brilliant, amazing. My favorite childs film. A real beaut. An absolute must-see. I could go on for hours about how absolutely marvellous this film is, but I won't bother. Probably could've done without the stupid fart-jokes, but it's still beautiful, sad, entertaining, see it now. Summary: A BEAUTIFUL, SAD, ENTERTAINING, INSPIRED FILM THAT HAS HARDLY ANY FLAWS. 
5|333|BUENA PELICULA QUE NOS RETORNA A LAS ANTIGUAS PELICULAS LEGENDARIAS COMO BEN HUR, ESPARTACO, CLEOPATRA, CLARO CON EL TOQUE DE LA NUEVA TECNOLOGIA QUE RECREA AMBIENTES DE ESA EPOCA. LA EPOPEYA QUE DRAMATIZA RUSELL CROWE, ES UN REFLEJO DE QUE SE PUEDE HACER BUEN CINE CON ARGUMENTOS HISTORICOS. 
5|14833|Hilarious movie - extremely well done. My only complaint is that I sometimes had trouble understanding what they were saying (although it's probably my own problem - the same thing happened with The Full Monty ).
5|6878|Monty Python movies always have me rollin' on the floor.
5|22359|This film is fantastic. Ridley Scott at his best. Its protagonist, Ellen Ripley, defies the stereotypes put on strong women characters. She's no Elle Woods! Did anyone besides me notice the windchime theme, throughout the movie? They were everywhere! Anyhow, it's a timeless classic.
5|8855|Funniest movie ever made!
5|23047|The best comic adaptation ever! It's just like reading the comics from beginning to end. Stan Lee really made sure this film would be a mirror image of the comic storyline. It portrayed the Green Goblin saga perfectly (especially the ending). Great acting (even by the portayed newcomer Toby McGwire). Very realistic as well. The movie shows Peter Parker having to learn and perfect his superpowers instead of just knowing them in an instant. He also moves very gracefully as well (as he should). I only have one complaint. Originally in the comic series, Spider Man's webs were shot out through special machines Parker created instead from his wrist. A solid film all the way through. That's the reason why the film is sold out at every theater.
5|13184|Best ever of Jacks movies.....5+ all the way.
1|19638|Horrid and painful remake of the classic 1950's horror flick. Not even worth reviewing.
5|24728|I dont care what anyone says this is a great movie!I am a girl loved it, because its got a girl kicking guys butts. Thats one of the many good parts about it. I saw it the Sunday after it came out, I wanna see it again. It is soo good. I mean ya it is corny yes, but thats because it is supposed to be like the video game. Just knowing that excuses its cornyness. This is one of the better new movies. The special effect are just as excellent as the movie. There really is no plot to it, but there is never really a plot to a video game either. And Angelina Jolie, is sooo good. She pulls off the accent being cool at the same time. If you want a great, action packed movie to see, this is the one. This is one of my favorite movies. Tomb Raider RULES! And to all you people who are like, it sux, its bad, well COME ON, get a grip. This movie was made for entertainment to make money. And the reason she is so popular is because she does have big boobs, but that part of it made guys go see pay the money for it. This movie was not made to be a classic film it was made just to make money, DUH HUH. And besides every movie cant be a classic, because if all movies were, then we wouldnt appreciate the ones that deserve to be called classics. Also the music to the movie is great. :) I recomend if you dont like the video game, because apparantly you have more brains than us video game likers, I wouldnt go see this movie.
5|1871|The Dirty Dozen was an awesome movie. It was about twelve soldiers who were given another chance. They were taken out of prison and offered freedom if they volunteered for a dangerous mission. The acting, storyline and humor made it a very good movie.
5|17484|A masterpiece, an utterly beautiful film, all the more amazing because it was filmed in Paris during the Occupation. A hundred, nay a thousand times better than the Disney atrocity.
5|20228|it was a real good movie but the frist one was still better
5|455|This movie happens to be one of my all time favorites. I guess it was adding Sean Connery in it that made it better/best. It's action packed. It's fun. It's Indiana Jones! Love it! Harrison Ford is the man! Great storyline.
5|21122|Sorry to say this but the original is way better than Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.
1|15770|This movie is simply awful. From the start, you are assualted with coarse language and the goriest violence that I've ever seen. The movie is highly pessimistic, with death and angst around every corner. Creativity is nowhere to be found, with nary an imaginative spark to be found.
5|23735|This is a really good movie. I like Egypt a lot and know a lot about it and for the most part the Egyptian things in the movie are accurate. This movie is just as good as the first one, if not better. This is one of those movies that you have to see the first one to understand, so don't say that you won't see it just because you didn't see the first one. I think a thing they added very well was the parts of wars with the huge numbers represented very well. So I'd say go see it. For people that love Egypt like me it's a 5, for people that love action movies it's a 4, and for people that don't it's still probably a 3 and worth seeing.
5|15287|Very good movie that exposed injustices in the U.S. court system. The racism of sentecing an innocent man to death to cover up police and mob connections.
5|1865|Go Go Harrison Ford!!
1|11270|I'd rather stare at a rock for 12 hours than sit through this joke again. I guess the only thing that makes it a comedy is that the entire movie was indeed a joke.
5|8841|Very trippy film, the only one that I know that makes the 70's look good. I immensely injoyed this film as it has a witty storyline and it definately makes you laugh. Cool soundtrack and clothes as well.
5|9587|I only mildly enjoyed the book, but had to see the movie because Colin Firth as Mark Darcy alone made me want to laugh (read the book, then the sequel to really understand the brilliant casting!). I loved this movie! I laughed out loud at this movie. Renee Zellweger was wonderful (and I like her better with the extra weight), Colin Firth was perfectly Darcy-ish, and Hugh Grant was such a cad! I totally recommend this movie, especially for fans of A E's Pride Prejudice - there are lots of inside jokes, Colin Firth being the least of them! Keep your eyes peeled for Crispin Bonham-Carter and the name of the publishing house where Bridget works!
5|3914|I personally think this movie is the best movie ever and a total masterpiece. The sequal is probably the second best movie ever.
5|327|Outstanding performances from Crowe and Phoenix(who should have won best supporting actor) assist this already wonderful story and magnificiantly filmed masterpiece. A good old fashioned tale of justice being served, with a twist of course. If you somehow have managed to not see this movie, I strongly suggest that following this obvious repeated smacks to the forehead you deserve, you should purchase this movie.
1|12779|This should not be listed under documentary....purely fiction trying to be sold as truth to an unaware public.. lies, misrepresentation and deceitful editing techniques to get his blatantly weak points across... 
5|21644|The movie was incredible, peter jackson did a amazing job.My favourite characters in the movie had to be the hobbits (their so cute and funny!) and also legolas. Peter made me feel as though i was in middle earth, which happens to be where i live! (wellington, new zealand) i can't wait to see the next trilogy in this series, all the actors put up an amazing preformance, esspecially elijah wood! well done peter......a definite 10 out of 10 for that movie!
5|11787|hilarious. not many comedys are anything like this. if your in the mood for a good laugh with something different. then watch it somehow. i wish they would hurry up with that sequel.
5|3727|Just saw 3,000 Miles to Gracland! EXCELLENT movie. Don't listen to the critics, it's a bunch of BULL.
5|16003|IF I could give it 6 stars instead I would. I have never seen a movie that wrenched at your heart like DITD. The story, the actors the music the visuals all come together in a strange odd way that wring out every known emotion from your body and leave you feeling all sorts of conflicted emotions when you leave the theatre. For someone who is not an actress Bjork was superb as Selma, the poor factory worker who is going blind and trying to save money for an operation for her son. The movie really made me think as a mother of a boy myself. Would I have done the same things if I were in her shoes. It really made me examine myself as a person. How far does the love of your child go? How far should a mother go? I cant say what I would do. And that is a chilling thought. David Morse was incredible. I found myself hating him with a passion yet feeling so bad for him at the same time. The rest of the cast were equally incredible. The whole film is so devestating so surreal so awful and yet uplifting. There were funny parts. And many parts that made you choke back tears. And many scenes that left you with tears streaming down your face and shaking your head. Its my all time favorite film EVER. I dont think I will ever see anything as close to perfection in a film as was DITD
1|9943|What the heck was Scary Movie about? Man, it was all about penises and boobs! The movie had no point whatsoever. I thought it was going to be a funny, good movie when I saw the commercial for it. So, I went to go watch it on the first day the movie came out. I came out dissapointed. I really expected much more.
5|4048|Lady and The Tramp is by far one of the greatest Disney movies ever made in movie history. It is such a great film, with excellent animation and such a heartwarming, touching, exciting plot.
5|10472|The funniest movie i have seen in my entire life. Such in incredible comedic feat will take a huge comedy to parralell. Tom Green did a spectacular job. a must see.
5|5356|One of the finest movies made. True to the book. Acting is superb by all.
5|21877|The greatest movie that can still stand the test of time. It has adventure, comedy, a great cast (Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd) and one of the first movies to use effects. It's sequels are fantastic too and it makes you wonder about your own future. THis is one of the most entertainiung films you will ever see in your entire lives. You can watch it again and again and NEVER get bored. Michael J. Fox's greatest films and if you havn't seen it, where have you been? A MUST C 4 ANY1!
5|2439|Geena Davis was great in this flick and well as Samuel Jackson. Alot of action in this one, with a bit of humor to go along the way from Samuel, very complete movie.
5|14614|This was a great movie. It was real and to the point. The happy ending was not cheesey. It was warming to the heart. It was also a great debut for Nia Long and Cuba Gooding Jr.
5|1130|Thi is one of my favorite movies. I like the Pacino, and the way he acts. He seems so real. I really like the story of how he went from a nobody to a big man and how it ends.
1|21358|As if the first one wasn't bad enough.
1|20046|I am thinking of taking my camcorder and recording the Friday night drunken brawls, over at our local bar. At least my movie would make more sense. I firmly beleive that this was the start of all the reality shows we now see on TV...bleeech..
5|8672|I loved this movie and the sequals. I saw it first in a packed theater and the whole place erupted with laughter. It is about a group of pathetic high school friends who cannot get laid and make a pact to, and they have a ton of pitfalls along the way.
5|6887|I will watch this whenever it comes on ( cable only !). I could probably find something funny I've missed in the past.It would be interesting to tally up "all" of the funny things in this movie. A classic that will never die.
5|23906|I agree that this movie finally put Brad Pitt into a category of actual acting. I mean I love his movies, but not because of his over the top acting abilities. This movie was well made and well acted by all. 
1|20720|Although the movie is nearly devoid of objectionable content (aside from the occasional profanity), there are two things that absolutely destroy the movie. First, the songs are extremely grating and annoying. Second, the sexism in this production is outrageous. No more is this obvious than the shockingly-inappropirate ending. The ending is completely different than the short story, Pygmmalion, that this 1964 movie is based on. I just can't recommend this production.
5|8114|This has always been one of my favorite movies! I love the 80s and Molly. Some of the movie is kind of annoying, but it is a perfect teen movie!
5|1656|Very good indeed. It was not only a wonderful story, with more than the one simple hollywood-trick, it was composed in a way that gave harmony to it. Clear shots and clean colours... I felt good watching it. Of course, it was terribly sad.And at the time of watching it, I would not have wanted the Li Mu Bai story to end in that fashion, but I suppose the movie would not have been as good if it hadn't. A good film, because every time I see it, I notice new things. 
5|5430|This is another David Lean extravaganza. I don't like prison movies but I always was a William Holden fan so I shall make an exception. The movie has an unpleasant content. Looking backwards, it doesn't nearly show the brutality of the Japanese.
1|14485|bad movie. Honestly the only person in this film,no,movie who was believable or likable for that matter was Francis Mcdormand.What do you expect?She steals every movie shes in. Not for one second did i believethese guys were rock stars.this is an extrememly watered down pasturized version of rock and roll so it can reach a broader audience and not offend anyone. there is nothing rock and roll about this film. You do hear Elton John,but we all know that doesnt count.i changed my rating from a two to a one because the hype for this terrible movie makes me ILL. 
5|3041|Shaft is an excellent movie to see. Samuel L. Jackson plays a great Shaft. He also looks very cute with a bald head. Will Smith was asked to play the part, but I am glad Samuel L. Jackson got the part because he is a more serious actor.
1|24546|yo bump this movie!!!!!
1|15943|I only hate this movie because Elaine hated it on Seinfeld.
5|16765|Very clever movie with a killer ending!
5|10300|Offensive, but hilariously funny comedy. Steve Martin plays a divorced lawyer who's life is pretty dull. His life revolves around his two children, and he gets little free time. That is until Charlene, played by Queen Latifah comes into his life. She wants him to help her call out her true innocence, and find the person who committed the crime for which she is charged for. And with a hilarius supporting cast of Betty White, Jean Smart, and Eugene Levy...you can't get any better.
5|18984|the best evil dead to date
1|14491|I'm in the minority I know, but this movie was not what I expected. It was pure cheese.
5|15278|I really liked this movie, mainly because it's based on a true story. It's very touching and heart warming. I loved the ending.
1|17198|HORRIBLE!!!!
5|7233|One of my very favorite comedy movies, thanks to the excellent talents of John Candy and Steve Martin. I've watched it many times. Sure do miss John Candy.
5|12517|Best movie of the year. The acting great, filming excellent, writing and directing beyond belief. Finally something worth spending money to go see and not a remake of a big ape running through New York or a family who never heard of birth control. TRULY OUTSTANDING! 
5|14166|This movie kicks ass!!! You have to see it. However, remember that it is VERY intence.
5|1642|Confusing but still a good Kung-Fu film exellently coreographed. runing up walls just liike the matrix jummping from roof top to roof top sword fighting an all round good film a bit stupid at the end though but still a good film.
5|14600|I loved this movie. It was hella real. The topic was real. The actors were very talented. Very entertaining. The movie was very sad. I loved it. I still watch it to this day!
5|1124|The best gangster movie ever. Every movie since has paled in comparison. Al Pacino was excellent. He played his part as if he was a real life mobster. I really like the realism and drama.
5|9578|I read this book a year or two ago and absolutely hated it. I'm still not a big fan of Fielding, but I did enjoy this movie very much. I'm not quite sure why, but I found it very charming. I liked that Bridget was kinda chunky but she still got her groove on and was still sexy. I have a new respect for Renee Zellweger after watching this film-not only was her British accent not especially horrible, she played Bridget with a lovely mix of humor and thoughtfulness. And I absolutley LOVE Colin Firth and thought he played the dry, witty, Mark Darcy very well. (Interesting note: he played Mr. Darcy in the A E version of Pride and Predjudice, the novel on which B.J.D is based, somewhat loosley in my opinion.) Hugh Grant is surprisingly good and less floppy in this movie too. In all, I would highly recommend this movie to any romantic comedy movie fan. I love the last scene.
5|7555|A shamelessly funny look at Brian who is falsly accused of being the Messiah. He's not you know. Any way Brian gets in to all kinds of trouble with his big nose and with the Pythons at the helm it could not be any funnier. You can't have a baby! You don't have a WOMB!!!
5|8666|Hilarious! Not for the squeamish or easily offended.
5|6893|Stupid, but that't the point. One of the funniest movies ever made. Amazing how 25 years later one person quoting one line will start a flurry of quotes. Much like Caddyshack or The Blues Brothers in that sense. Be careful what line you quote and where you quote it. Have you ever seen a grown man naked? can get you in trouble.
5|19324|i know jake richardson is cute but only in that movie...like in dangerous lives of a alter boy he wasnt all that...but to be the school setting was totally fake come on i think if u had a under ground cult ppl would KNOW!but i cryed when ian snyder tried to kill himself but I envy crystal cuz she had him in the movie whaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!
5|21863|I love this movie so much. I have collectibles from this movie and of course Robert Zemeckis is one of my favorite directors. I have yet to meet a person who doesn't like to watch this movie. This movie is awsome.
5|5342|This was an excellent movie. Gregory Peck in one of his finest roles as Atticus Finch. I love the characters of Scout, Jem, and Dill. They were typical kids growing up in the south during the time the movie portrayed. The movie kept you interested, scenes that left you anticipating the next moment. Loved Robert Duvall in the part of Boo Radley. This movie will always be one of the best classic. They don't make them like this anymore.
5|8896|This is a great movie. It was a good all around movie. Brick Top, Turkish, and the Pikeys were my personal favorite. I recomend that you should go see this movie and watch it over and over.
5|13147|This was a fantastic movie. Very intense action sprinkled with touching moments.
5|6663|Tony Curtis and Sidney Poitier truly deserved their academy award nominations in their roles as The Defiant Ones (as did the brilliant screenplay and cinematography). Through their conflicting relationship and evolving friendship as two convicts on the run, Curtis and Poitier expose common prejudices against black people. The humanistic message of the story is delivered in a touching, believable and non-preachy manner. Less pretentious and obvious than many of the movies dealing with racial issues which would follow.
5|12259|I am sorry but I have watched this movie over 20 times and I laugh every time. Daddy would you like some sausage? and The backwards man. is hysterical!!! For those of you who find this offensive... LIGHTEN UP!!! It is just a movie and Tom Green just tries to get the audience to laugh at any cost.
5|21693|the best movie ever but i believe sam should get all of the credit because he always gets frodo out of trouble and frodo does nothing but walk around with a ring.
5|4074|Great time and lots of laughs!
5|17321|This is on my Top 10 list.
5|2405|this was great...loved how she planned to disappaer
5|496|For anyone who gets stranded on a deserted island and who always wanted to be a gangster,this is the video ;flawless.
1|23215|Dont make em like this anymore.....
5|16759|An outstanding movie with some of the best acting performances I have seen in years. Russell Crowe is the best actor of his generation. Whenever I see a Russell Crowe movie, I am always drawn into the movie and soon forget I'm watching an actor portraying a role in a movie. (As a comparison, if I watch a Tom Cruise movie, I never forget for a second that it's Tom Cruise on the screen. A huge difference in talent). This will go down as one of the best boxing movie of all time and I think it's Russell Crowe's greatest performance. 
5|8128|I think this is Jim's best movie, he pulls of the premise flawlessly. A lawyer that can not lie it is unheard of even ridiculous but Jim does it for 24 hours and it is very funny.
5|9236|I've seen this movie probably 4 times. It really is a great movie. Another great work from Sandler and his always comedy gold.
5|13621|this movie is so f*ing sweet it clearly shows how America is troubled with these poor, annoying , tyrants that hurt the nations economy. And Derek Vinyard does what all white americans ahould, go out there and kick the crap out of dumb Ni**ers 
5|15244|One of the best comedies of all time.
1|18297|If you want to get scared watch Halloween not this garbage.
5|13635|If you have race issues you should watch this, and if you still do after that your ignorant! And Im glad im not you. Put that in your pipe and smoke it.
5|24099|i was shaky about giving this movie five stars, but deep down, i think it's worth it. it's fine storytelling. okay, the kingpin is a little too mu-hu-ha-ha-ha sometimes, and the carnage of the fight scenes tends to detract from the characters' identities... if only you could have two and a half hours of posturing and line delivery, like you do in the comics. to some extent, elektra is just a girl with sais, daredevil is just a creep in a kinky costume, and kingpin is just a hood. bullseye is just deranged, and he's a lot of fun. but this movie's got heart, and it's incredibly well shot and timed out, and it has a great sense of humor. it stays faithful to the comic as much as it can, with affleck (p-u) nailing murdock, who more or less is a mannequin in the books, when not flaying somebody's ass. the supporting characters are extremely well done, almost to the point of overkill, and everybody in the movie seems to be willing to bring this silly superhero story to life. of all the comic book vigilantes ever to hit the screen, this torn up, beat up, drugged up, messed up guy is the best and most believable, and maybe the most cheerable. a definite must see.
5|6111|A masterpiece movie made of Lew Wallace story of love,belief and dedication. I have seen this movie now more than 10 times. Every time I feel I see that for the first time. Charleton Heston(Judah Benhur)does a splendid leading role and Stephen Boyd makes an excellent supporting role. Those 20 minutes of Chariot race will put everybody on the edge of their seat.I think this will be one of the all time great biblical theme movie in big screens.
5|482|Harrison Ford is the best.
5|5418|This is a great classic movie with Donna Reed and Jimmy Stewart. Jimmy Stewart is a classic in this movie.
5|4706|My parents always made it a point to buy my brother, sister and I many of the older Disney movies on tape so we could experience Disney as they did. Sleeping Beauty will always be my favorite. The villain in this movie is like none else, and the characters are amazing too. What most impressed me, and continues to now that I'm not a child, is the quality of the animation and how you just don't get that in todays animated movies. Many of the backgrounds were painted by hand. Not only that, but the songs still stand the test of time as well. I would recommend this movie to anyone.
5|19318|hangman's curse is the best movie ever! Ian is so hott! Jake Richardson is only hott when he's dressed like a goth.
5|4060|Written so well!
5|11744|That was a great movie! especially wit FrEdDy PrInZe Jr. in it! NoW hE'S a HoT'n'SeXy MaMa! i LoVe RiChArD 4 lYf!!!!
5|17335|Beautifully filmed. (I love what they do with the colors!) Interesting characters, and a very cute storyline. I love it!
5|20599|The best musical ever made (movie-wise)! The modern Romeo and Juliet, the two that were forbidden to love and did. Their love brought together two communities that hated each other and taught the message of tolerance and compassion. The main key between the romance of Maria and Tong said that love conquered all! The classic music that moves the story along makes the movie entertaining and a true piece of art.
5|2411|This is a great movie, and I don't normally lavish praise on romantic comedies. The reason for that is, they are usually not very romantic and they are usually not very funny. This one is both. Turner and Douglas start out not being able to stand each other, but they eventually warm up. Meanwhile they, along with Danny Devito, are hot on the trail of a valuable gem. It leads them to many funny venues and circumstances.
5|8882|Hilarious! Cheech and Chong's best movie. They're amazingly funny in their use of pot humor.
5|13153|If the original is arguably the greatest film ever, 'The Godfather, Part II' is also definitely among the very best films ever put on the silver screen. Who can weave two stories together as well as Francis Ford Coppola? No one can. And if there is one thing that might make it stand out from the original film, it is the even greater acting on display. With respect to Al Pacino, Robert Duvall, Lee Strasberg, and Michael Gazzo, I really don't think John Cazale as Fredo Corleone gets enough credit. Cazale gives the performance of a lifetime as the runt of a family of lions. The bottom line is that 'II' is every bit as ferocious and probably more cunning a film than the original. Standing by itself in moviedom, however, it sits Janus-faced in its historical importance, as generations of moviegoers are awed.
5|9544|City Slickers is a great movie that most don't know about!!
5|6677|I loved this movie.
5|7569|I love this movie! I think it out does the holy grail, funny, funny stuff! the last scene is one of my favorites, classic, it compleats the movie perfectly! bad ass!
5|15522|I agree with Niterider (sorta), it really is a good movie, it's my favorite movie, very romantic and great acting. It should be at #1.
1|3077|I'm just trying to move this movie off of the top 20
1|4718|Its an OK movie, but believe me, after you've seen it 5 million times, it really sucks.
5|1497|Like all the other Indiana Jones movies, this one was great. It's fun, scary and has a lot of action and suspense, although all those Jones movies are great. This one is my favorite for the dining scene and loads of bugs.
1|5406|BORING!!!
1|2369|One of the worst movies ever made!! I want my money back!!
5|24270|i love this movie can i see it since i have not seen this movie before
5|4289|A classic!! One of the best cartoons of all time. I'll definitely show this to my kids.
1|8644|It was watchable but that was about it and I can only take Charles Grodin in small amounts.
5|24516|spectacular story line and breath taking scenes. Shortly, just great!!!
5|15913|I LOVE THIS MOVIE!!! It is the most beautiful movie I have seen in a long time! It makes me cry everytime I watch it!!! I will eventually buy it and will watch it all the time until the disc no longer plays!!
5|7958|This is Bill Murray's best movie. This one is very innvative; offers something new, the guys waking up and reliving the same day over and over again. Not exactly HILARIOUS!!! but it's one of those comedies that's better not b/c it's funny but b/c of the movie in general. It has a nice storyline. And he falls for the foxie Andie MacDowell. Also in it is Chris Elliot who always seems to play the loser.
5|23279|Fantastic film. One of the very best of the 1990's, direction is excellent from the always reliable Zemeckis, Foster is her usual superb self in her first stab at science fiction. Great supporting cast. Top music and sound.
5|22167|This movie was, in my point of view, the BEST in 1999! The special effects set new standards! Yet the story was awesome and most of all, the fighting scenes! The only thing one may dislike about the Matrix is that there wasn't a relationship between Neo and Trinity. I saw this movie 3X in the theaters!
5|7780|I watched this movie expecting to be bored out of my mind, but to my surprise, I could not stop laughing! My preconception of the movie was that I wouldn't enjoy watching it because it centers around golf (I am not a golf fan), but I found it to be one of the most hilarious movies I have ever seen...you don't have to be a golf know-it-all to like it. My favorite scene is the fist fight between Bob Barker and Happy...it is one the funniest scenes in comedy-movie history; it's definitely a classic. Anyways, a real funny movie starring a real funny guy...fun to watch over and over again for some laughs!
5|24502|Great return! Hope their are more.
5|7794|Happy Gilmore is the best, funniest movie ever made. Adam Sandler rips, and so does Bob Barker. It's one of those movies you can watch a million times and still crack up.
5|20764|This is a classic that you can watch 700 times. It has a suberb soundtrack. It has sexy actors. It is a wonderful story that is unique in itself.
5|119|A movie that put Johnathan Demme on the map. It might've been too grizzly in nature to win Best Picture (oddly, a whole year and a month after its release) but with riveting perfomrances by Anthony Hopkins and Jodie Foster, this movie couldn't have never been ignored.
1|24793|One of the worst vampire movies ever. I can't think of even one good scene in the whole mess. Pure hell all the way thru...don't waste your time...
5|17876|very scary
5|1483|This movie is great! I've seen it like a zillion times and never tire of it. The acting is good, the little boy Shorty is adorable, and Willie, the love interst was hysterically funny.
5|24264|Fantastic movie
5|657|kubrik is insane! he's also a genius, I've loved every one of his movies including this one. insanly bad ass!
5|17686|Hugo Weaving as a blind man who distrusts the world, Genevieve Picot as his housekeeper who loves him yet torments him incessantly, and a sweet Russell Crowe as the innocent who brings honesty and revelation into their lives. Fascinating characters and a subtle plotline. One of my all time favorites, foreign or domestic.
5|12926|I believe The Shawshank Redemption is the best movie ever created. The movie was directed extremely well, it has excellent cast, and above all, it has brilliant and wonderful story. It is funny, sensitizes, sophisticated and has an astonishing end - every thing a movie should have. When I first saw this movie, I was very impressed, especially from its end. From that time, I manage to see it at least ten times and each time I saw it again, I enjoy it like I haven t seen it at all; I even see things that I haven t noticed before. I think that everyone should see this movie at least one time, and if you haven t seen it yet, go see it - I promise you that you ll enjoy every second of it.
1|2355|This movie absolutely sucked. The tv show and ads for this movie made it even more of a let down. It was confusing and a waste of time, money and effort.
5|9791|This was without a doubt the funniest stand-up comedy movie I have ever seen. DL Hughley, Steve Henry, Cedric The Entertainer , and Bernie Mac are the funniest stand-up comics in today circuit. I laughed from the beginning of the movie until the end.
5|13386|Tom Hanks is amazing, and this movie does a great job of covering several decades of history without ever getting boring. Callmetootie is a disgrace.
5|20994|The best movie ever! Patrick Swayze, what a hottie!
5|21452|One of my all time favorite movies, hands down.
1|9566|TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY! Her only good movie was Chicago, and I didnt even like that movie b/c of her!
5|2808|LOVED IT THE BEST OF ALL OF THEM
5|11585|Excellent movie. Great original story and well acted. Something different from your typical Hollywood movie.
5|20980|This movie has an excellent soundtrack. It is stocked with sexy actors and actresses. The movie has an actual plot and it is a movie you can watch over and over again.
5|10843|A superb murder mystery that isn't ruined on second viewing. Let me tell you how it ends... very, very well! :)
1|9572|renee look at her smile
5|125|I found Silence of the Lambs to be one of the greatest horror films ever made because it works on two levels. First it is a brilliant psychological thriller and two it is a shocking bizzare and often time frightning horror film. Not to metion a breakthrough script,magnificent directing and ingenious performances from Jodie Foster and (The Man) Anthony Hopkin's as the now famed Hannibal Lector. This picture put the thriller suspence type movie goers in the same theater with Friday the Thirtenth fans. A breakthrough film through and through. HIGHL HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! This is a thinking man's horror picture.
5|9785|This movie was funny. It relates to you if you grew up how the comedians did. It was non-stop laughter throughout the whole movie.
5|15085|A winner. Traffic is not for the faint of heart. You'll be on the edge of your seat from beginning to end as the story unfolds. Who's a good guy? WHo's a bad guy? Who can you trust? Will we ever see a Supporting Actor do a better job than Benicio Del Toro? Who dangerous is the drug trade? Who's shielded from it? If you've ever been a user, you should see this movie. If you've ever known a user, you should see this movie. If you've ever had a child, or think you might ever have a child, you should see this movie. And, make sure you know who you can trust.
5|23537|Loved Spiderman 2! Saw it in imax with my dad, and I loved it. Spidey is awesome, and he finally got his girl. A good lesson to be learned, and a happy ending.
5|12932|This is the 2nd of only a few movies that I own on tape. For some strange reason I'm fascinated by prison movies, and this one is good. Very clever scenes and ideas are only one charm of this movie. And, it had a happy ending.
5|17692|My favorite!! Talented actors and actresses. Great screenplay! This is the best movie adaptation of Jane Austen's works. The other great film adaptation of her work is A E's Pride and Prejudice.
5|21320|The Bee Gees are good in this film but Aerosmith suck - as usual!
5|5801|This is a classic movie in the philosophy of using a minimum of sets (obviously). It is basically a story signifying the importance of holding one's convictions even in the face of complete opposition when one believes they are right, and may have a perception, and a perspective, which others may be lacking. It also is a classic in the art of persuasion of others towards one's own point of view. All the characters are also excellently cast. A very good, worthwhile movie.
5|3243|Best Bond movie in years.
5|870|I thought this movie was fantastic! The ending was really awesome and so was the rest of the movie! I loved it!! And Haley Joel Osment and Bruce Willis were both great!!!
5|17679|A barge captain and dreamily romantic young bride travel the Seine and Parisian waterways,in the company of numerous cats and a memorably eccentric first mate with a hoard of unusual bric-a-brac. A warm,leisurely,lyrical and gently anarchic adventure,infused with a poetic sense of wonderment,Jean Vigo's only feature film(before his death at 28)has been voted one of the world's top 10 in numerous polls.A precious pearl,to be discovered and cherished.
5|14370|well what to say... do i give this movie a high rating becasuse it effected me so? or do i give it a low rating because it didn't effect me in a nice way? do i give it a high rating becase it changed me --in a blunt painful way--for the better? or a low rating because i didn't feel good about the fact that the whole fcking movie was about drug addiction and the fact that drug (andother) addictions don't usually end happily? Hmmm... this is a dilemma... i'm just really not sure.. i mean, i like puppy dogs, and there were none... that's a minus.. also i enjoy chocolate sundae's with peanuts on top, and i think the best i got was a shared icecream cone during the summer segment-- also the whole summer fall winter thing was stupid, becasue who wants to be left off in the middle of the cold winter! what happened to spring huh? i like spring, and the blooming of flowers like everyone else! everyone likes flowers!!!!! and yes, todd, i also agree with your point about nudity-- it would have been more than appropriate for what's her name to have gotten naked-- and ENJOYED it for god's sakes-- i mean c'mon, i agree, she's a really hot girl, so what's the problem? hot girl should = sexy nudity scenes right? of course it should! is there some piece of the equation im missing?? seems fairly simple to me! i mean if you think about it, if she would have gotten really sexy at that part where she has to go dance for all those old drunk men and stick that petrolem jelly dildo up her but because she has nothing left but drugs in her life and knows her boyfirend is as hopelessly addicted as she is and can't come back for the same reason-- she might have gotten even more money and drugs-- i mean if she wouldn't have been so emotional about the danm thing she could have made an even nicer profit and enjoyed herself at the same time! golly, that director, and that writer man, sure are missing some common sense!!!
5|9008|I don't know why this isn't in the classics. First time I watched this I thought it was absolutely hilarious! Woody Allen writes the greatest one-liners, and Diane Keaton is great as Annie Hall herself. I consider this possibly Woody Allen's best film. Even if it has a simple story it's still an absolute classic. Summary: ONE OF THE FUNNIEST AND GREATEST FILMS EVER. 
5|12701|it hits the mark, it is right about everything,America wake up!!
5|8470|I love this movie. it is so funny. Mike Myers plays austin powers so good, no one could do such a good job as he does.
1|20244|1 cuz the tommy guy was hot. otherwise id give it a 0!
5|13379|My favorite movie, and the first movie I have been able to say that about. One of those movies that can be watched Over and Over again. Not one frame in this movie is boring. Also it gave Americans a lesson in History that was so badly needed. Best movie Soundtrack of all time. 
1|11099|Very vulgar and without any artistic value whatso ever.
1|23995|A jacked up version of the Good Son. Think about the similarities. Both movies have the biggest name child actor of the day, who usually plays nice sweet roles, playing a twisted kid. They turn against the other child and fight for the mother's love. This movie was overwhelmingly boring, the last 20 minutes were probably the most meaningless moments of my life. I think that is what hell is like, you are forced to watch clips of movies that are long and boring and have no purpose. The only reason I went to see this movie is because my girlfriend's cousin, Jake Thomas, plays the human son. Even her family thought the movie was slow and stupid. I think it was well marketed, because if you remember the trailers basically left everything up to the imagination. Everybody assumed that Spielberg and Osmet would team up for a masterpiece, but it turned out to be a disaster.
5|16201|I absolutely loved this movie. There were no extreme high dramatic moments which is exactly what Sophia Coppolla was trying to capture. How I related to this movie was being in a strange place, where you feel extremely out of place and out of time. You can't relate to anyone there and the person who you thought you could relate to seems like a total stranger. If Bill Murrays character and Scarlett Johansson's character were at home they would probably never connect, but both characters met half-way due to their vulnerability and no connection with the outside world.
5|16215|okay, i like comic books, even though i haven't collected for a while. i like the language they speak, the cues they leave. this movie is written in their language, and if you speak it, certain things are obvious from the beginning. that's important because the movie divides its audience into two parts; those who can see all too clearly what's going on, and those who treat this like a normal movie. the weird thing is, this is a drama, it is reality, but the two or three primary causes for everything that happens are strictly comic book fare. what happens to the villain is a staple of every great batman comic; he gets carted off in the end to an asylum for the criminally insane. the evil that the hero discovers is right out of some news magazine nightmare about a serial killer, but the hero handles it by dashing into the situation in a cloak and astoundingly saving the day. yet while that's going on, you have the quiet, careful, meticulous direction of m. night shamaylan that we remember from the sixth sense , dividing up the moments into oppresive and gripping tick tocks of a clock. his direction was better suited to this movie; in fact i think the sixth sense was overrated. not everybody understands where he's coming from, and with a story like this, that's even further out there than tss was, you see it in audience reaction. nonetheless, if you've ever appreciated the dark cheesiness of a master villain like vincent price's abominable dr. phibes you'll see the important contribution to this film, and all film, that samuel l. jackson makes. picture the kid in the wheelchair from malcolm in the middle without the years of healthy social interaction, and his finger on the pulse of a phenomenon too real to seem anything but crazy, and driven to act out to crazy extremes as a result of it. introverts like this guy exist, you see them playing magic the gathering in bookstores, and though the movie is written in comic book language, the compelling dementia of the villain is still altogether there. what can i tell you; if what i'm saying makes any sense to you, you'll totally enjoy this movie. i was blown away. if you're not keyed into this dark side of fandom, you may need something a little more compromising. m. night has all my respect for taking a chance with this story, and in my opnion, succeeding. weird and good.
5|19126|love this film not really a vampire movie but an action movie with vampires in it. awsome opening in the nightclub that firmly estabishes blade as a kick butt take no prisoners type of character very close to the comics. great use of music and fight scenes something that mortal kombat tried yet failed to do. also loved steven dorff as decon frost blade's vampire fahter he is perfect in his performance(cool dresser) even cooler sense of meance and don't give a crap attiude. only kiefer sutherland played a cooler bad vampire.
5|8464|BEST MOVIE!!!! VERY SHAGADELIC!!! DAKTARI!!!!!
5|6449|I LOVE this movie...it's like overhearing the conversation in the ladies' room. Great performances and just plain ol' fun.
1|18917|You people are so thirsty for a good horror film you seem to settle for cheap hour and a half long X-File knock off garbage. I saw this film the night it was realesed with high hopes of a great Exorcist like film. I wanted to be jolted I wanted to be frightened and I wanted the film to give me something to think about. Instead I got another high budget attempt at money making. This film is prpackaged cotton candy crap! I think my I.Q. dropped 10 points just from witnessing such an attrocity. I was ashamed. I am all for religion in cinema. I myself am not a religious man at all even though I was raised in a christian house hold. I can see how some people got a message from Stigmata and I can see how it opens some peoples eyes to a new world but those people must realize this new world they are seeing is based in a lame fictitious horror movie world that is based in no solid evidence and is made to make the schmuks who believe the tabloids paranoid. Sad stuff,man...
5|14402|This is one of the best movies ever, and definitely the best teen movie ever, because it didn't show teenagers as drunk party animals, it dealt with real issues that teens go through, but it was still really funny.
5|14364|ive never had a movie touch me as much as this one has. one of the most depressing movies i have ever seen, but one of the most honest movies i've seen. this a movie about drugs and how they can destroy a relationship between a mother and her son, two best friends, a perfectly happy couple. after this movie was over, i was in awe. i didn't know what to say. i didn't know who had it worse. i was just amazed. leto's performance was amazing, and it was great to see marlon wayans in a serious role ellen... man, just everyone gave an outstanding performance. great, great score too. beatifully directed. i'm shocked that they didn't take home any oscars. one of the best movies i have seen scince american beauty.a must see...
1|11933|this was a comedy??? wow, must have missed that...
5|7031|This is a hilarious movie and a classic. I personally have see it over 20 times. It is so funny and Matthew Broderick is great in it. It would not have been as funny without him. I love this movie because it shows that some people can actually get out of going to school while the rest of us are not as smart to get out of school.
5|4538|This is a great movie. The best I have seen in a long time. Total 4 thumbs up!
5|5626|Jimmy Stewart and Grace Kelly are excellent in this Classic film. Almost the entire film utilizes one set, and the suspense is excellent. Grace Kelly's beauty cannot be denied. Recommended to anyone who likes hitchcock and suspense.
5|1468|I do love Tarintino's work and after watching this I feel he has excelled himself. The direction in this film is just simply beautiful. This doesn't been much meaningful spoken dialogue as the action, movement and reaction of the characers is enough for you to know what is going on. There is an interesting mix of film and animation which gels wonderfully. The fighting scenes are choreographered to perfection. Well worth seeing and I am definately going to see the second one.
5|6307|A love so exemplary it should imitate life
5|22826|It is a must see movie. I was one of the many others that was standing in line on opening night just to see if it lived up to its hype. It did i was very impressed it was very true to the book and the graphics were alot better than i imagined. This movie will definitely be in my DVD collection when it comes out.
5|13423|I love this movie. Not only is it well produced but Tom Hanks shines as always. The story continues to excite the viewer. There are so many metaphors in this story that you should watch a dozen times to get them all.
5|15052|was done very nicely. The seriousness didn't get too out of hand, and still was funny and intreging.
1|24778|What a waste! The SFX looked good, but I wonder how did they persuade Jeremy Irons to do that....maybe they got him drunk and gave him the contract to sign. I fell asleep after 15 minutes.
5|11234|This movie was VERY cute and I loved it. I love the 80s music they put in like Jesse's Girl and Love is a Battlefeild.
5|4510|Bambi is by far the best Disney movie made. Unlike the garbage they produce today, this is by favorite children's movie. Many memorable scenes, it reminds me of my youth every time I watch it.
5|17645|My partner and I watched this on channel 4 along with The Idiots late one night - we were so impressed with this film. Its realistic and it keeps you hanging with 'did he?' The acting is superb! This is one that has to go into the video collection.
5|18210|People look at this movie and think its corny and or horrible but what people dont realize is the impact of it. This was a true story people not just another scarry movie. If I could I wouldent even rate this movie because how do you rate real people being killed by a chainsaw? Its history not science fiction.
5|11552|This is a fun movie throughout that I can watch over and over. Too bad the sequels were all so horrible.
5|4276|Well, this was the first full-length cartoon film, which makes it astonishing that the quality is so high first time around. I love the bit when Snow White says ...and you must be Grumpy! Those seven dwarves had more character in them than thousands and thousands of the performances by real actors we've seen over the years. Amazing!
5|20957|the most wounderful and genius movie ever and diego luna is so sexy i love you diego sexy sexy sexy sexy a++++++
5|15734|An amazing movie... Pacino and Reeves couldn't ask for more. 
5|22198|The Matrix is by far one of the best and most unique new sci-fi movies there is. The combination of brand new photographic and CGI (computer generated imaging) technologies, plus a stupefying storyline create a movie that is a feast for the eyes and the mind. Watching it for the first time is like being hit with a ton of bricks that leave you dumbfounded and aching for more! With just the right combination of sci-fi, kick-ass fight scenes, romance, and betrayal, this movie has everything a viewer could want (though I wouldn't watch some parts with a weak stomach). Plus, depth of meaning that underlies the story is astounding. Just like the rabbithole the viewer can take the story as far a they want to go. I took the plunge, and let me tell you, WHOA, it's worth it! The Matrix is definitely worth a look, if not a second, or a third!
5|6461|How amazing was this movie? To think - it got bad reviews when it came out, as did Psycho...
5|13345|Saving Private Ryan is an awsome movie. It has a great cast, great director, a great story, and great special effects
5|9752|I loved this movie. I thought it was very sweet and romantic. It kept me hanging on until the end to see if Sam and Annie met.I felt kind of bad for Walter, because he was a decent person. Even though I still wanted Sam and Annie to get together. I am a sucker for those movies with a happy ending.
1|16906|A horrible movie that is R-rated and promotes depravity all across the board, everyone should be ashamed of this trashy movie. Boycott this terror, now! Eminem...arrested soon...let's hope!
5|6475|One of Dean Martin's BEST performances EVER and John Wayne wasn't bad either. This movie is a favorite at our house and we range in age from 21 to 74. Watch this one!
5|23292|This movie is easily one of the most incredible movies of all-time. Perhaps the best of all Star Trek movies, First Contact brings back the feared enemy introduced in Q, Who? and Best of Both Worlds, The Borg! Instantly, a new Enterprise is revealed and the Soverign-class is an incredible design. The battle scene towards the beginning (which introduces the Akira, Norway, and Steamrunner class vessels!) is absoultely amazing as well. The plot is classic Trek--the evil Borg have traveled back in time to assimilate humanity before the founding of the Federation and our heroes must stop them. The action is taut throughout and well balanced with clever bits of comedy and even a moment that comes close to breaking the fourth wall (So, your all astronauts on...on some kind of Star Trek?) The Roddenberry humanism is present as well, with references to humanity conquering poverty, war, and strife, in addition to evolving beyond money. Not slowing down a bit, the movie rushes to a great finish. The musical score (including the classic Star Trek: TNG theme) is consistently enjoyable throughout as well.
5|18204|I loved this movie. Even though it is a hollywood farse that is weighted by INSPIRED by a true story. Inspired being the very key point. This movie kicked ass! The cinematogrophy, directing and acting, along with great special effects made this a spectacular thrill ride! Read my full review: http://bradley.kicks-ass.org/blog/archives/000948.php 
5|2613|I thought this movie was very good. It was deep. I liked at the end how Jennifer Lopez killed the bad guy that was actually saving him. The visual effects were cool too.
5|10658|Wow what can I say? What does one base this answer on? Directing Skills, skills of the actors, special effects? Well what I can definately say is that Kevin Smith is pure genius. His characters are well, different. Each character's personality is specially suited for the person playing the roll. Pure genius I tell u. This is definately my favorite movie of all time. Noochie noochies everyone'
5|4262|I like how Kermit sang the Rainbow song and I thought that Miss Piggy was so sexy and the muppets are the best forever!
5|16229|I must start out by saying that it wasn't what i expected but thoroughly enjoyed the film. The twists and the ending were amazing. The movie was a play on what i think most people don't give to much thought about. It does raise the question, in the mind of the viewer if heoes like that exist. It is an interesting concept backed by great acting and vivid cinematography. I enjoyed this film 100%.
5|21485|Star Wars defined a generation. This is no kid-flick with cheesy cute kids. This is the age old struggle between good and evil, right and wrong, light and dark. Star Wars proved that longevity could be achieved, not by special effects which are pretty childish by today's standards, but by story.
5|858|Excellent movie. It was suspenseful and very interesting. I could definitely see it more than once.
5|4504|I looooove this movie!!!! The first time I saw it was when my sister took me to see it. The start was so sad I had tears in my eyes.
5|17889|The scarriest, therefore the best.
5|680|This movie is badass for its time. It made you feel like you were there, how coldhearted Vietnam was.
5|14358|A very hard hitting, relentless and sad film. The acting is superb especially by Burstyn who deserved an Oscar and another 1000 awards. The directing and editing is just marvelous. I love this film.
5|6313|The cutest Christmas movie ever!
5|12729|Loved the movie, it's exactly what we need right now: introspection. Looking at our own society and talking about ways that we can fix them. More importantly, we need to look at how our actions in the past has contributed to our current problems internationally.
5|15046|Girl, Interrupted is based upon a true story written by Susanna Kaysen (played by Winona Ryder), who is falsely accused of being crazy. Placed in a mental institution, she is confroted with the desicion of her life. She must decide on whether she wants to get better, or to spend her life being insane. The only thing standing in her way is the controlling, sociopath, Lisa (played by Angelina Jolie.) Director, James Mangold, has been critisized for the movies flat plotline, and inability to transfer the book into a movie. I agree that the films plot took a different route than most flicks, but to say it had no plot at all is an understatement. Those that say it had no plot, probably didn't understand it. With Ryder co-producing and starring in the flick, how can it go wrong? Not to mention other incredible performances by Angelina Jolie, Whoopie Goldberg, Brittany Murphy, Clea Duvall, and many more. Lets face it, we all can relate to feeling a little crazy sometimes..okay, maybe not as crazy as some of the characters eating grapes off of the wallpaper, but crazy in some sense. This movie is a MUST-SEE, and definetly deserves this 5 star rating!! Copyrighted 2000 Kris10 R. Lee 
5|24304|I loved it! I'm a JP junkie. : ) Great effects and beautiful music. The plot was great, too, but it's far from matching up to the first JP. Beats the second by a mile, though. Long live Jurassic Park!!! Oh, and #4 is SUPPOSEDLY going to come out Summer, 2006, but they've been rescheduling the theatre realease date for some time. Bad news for those who hated the second JP: #4 is supposed to be about the dinos rampaging through North America. Let's hope they do a better job!
1|16127|this movie sucks
5|7192|It's a shame comedies like this are so rarely made anymore - clever, warm-hearted, and funny throughout. I still think, Over? Over? Was it over when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor? Hell, no! is one of the funniest lines in cinema, delivered as it was by a guy who really should not have been in college to start with. 
1|17239|If totalitarianism is like a boot stamping on a human face forever, then this movie is surely like a boot stamping on a human face for two hours.
1|7365|Any movie with Ben Stiller as the lead is in dire trouble. He plays the same tired charactor in everything he does. No variation. I LOATHE Ben Stiller.
1|9348|SSSSTTTUUUPPPIIIDDD!!!
5|5785|IMO The original movies are so much better than remakes. If you have never seen this, do yourself a favor and rent it. The tension you feel from this movie will set you on the edge of your seat.
1|23822|Without a doubt one of the stupidest, most idiotic movies I've ever seen. It was almost like the producers and directors of the movie had some kind of contempt for the movie going public.
5|20604|I think this movie is a classic and an all around good movie.
5|9801|I actually like this movie alot even though it is geared against the republicans. To bad the president in this movie is democrate.
5|22013|It's fun, romantic, thrilling, great action, and doesn't take itself too seriously. It's my favorite movie.
5|15867|Excellent film - it is disturbing, moving, thought-provoking, funny, sad, bizarre . . . all at the same time. The cast is amazing. The soundtrack rocks.
1|16641|The most overrated film I've seen since Shrek 2.(And that was just last May!!!)One of the worst and most boring films I've ever saw.
1|18678|I saw this one when a long time ago so I don't recall much about it except a girl running away from a maniac and screaming to death the whole time and my mom loves that part eh ma ha ha :)
1|3671|Lame!
5|22007|Everything that Meathead (aka Rob Reiner) touches turns to gold, and this movie was no exception. Perhaps Andre the Giant's finest hour.
5|1291|This movie is twisted but ingenious! My favorite part is where Christopher Walken tells the little kid about the story of the pocket watch. I mean up his ass for two years, that's funny.
5|23319|The fourth Star Trek movie is very funny! Although the plot has the planet Earth in jeopardy, our heroes time traveling back to the crazy late 20th century makes for some great humor. And, of course, the ending is awesome!
5|2798|5 stars...but only (and I do mean 'only') because of the scene where both Martin and Smith are in the electronics store!
5|2940|a truly excellent movie. so unlike all the other jarmusch movies i've seen- it's very truthful, very reverent, very painful, real- it actually captures the spirit of samurai. whitaker is absolutely brilliant. see this film.
5|5949|Billy Wilder's greatest creation includes three unforgettable characters all stuck in a terrible, despicable situation. Gloria Swanson giving the final line All right, Mr. Demille. I'm ready for my closeup is one of the great moments in cinema. This masterpiece shows the true callousness of Hollywood, the fleeting fancy of fame, and the dangers of delusion and idealism. One of the greatest movies about the movies ever made.
5|6298|A great movie. Audrey Hepburn was good as Eliza Doolittle a flower girl who meets Henry Higgins a prefessor of language. Higgins boasts he could even teach a flower girl to act and speak proper. Eliza ends up staying with Higgins while he teaches her to speak and be a proper lady.Rex harrison is also good as the arrogant Higgins. Who by the end of the movie has grown to care for Eliza. Lots of good songs. Just a charming story that came from the Book Pygmalion. The scene at the horse race was especially cute.
5|7186|Take into consideration the fact that they had a group of people who were largely inexperienced, very little money, and no history of this kind of movie to help carry it, it's that much more impressive how good and funny this movie is. Everything from Porkys to Fast Times at Ridgemont High to American Pie can draw a line from their success to Animal House. Is the success of Animal House over? Was it over when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor?
5|21240|A Hard Days Night was basically a day in the life of the Beatles. Help has more of a plot but is just as funny and the fab four are great considering their limited acting experience. The music in geer and plot twists are never ending.
5|5961|One of the funniest movies of all time 
5|723|One of Ford s best movies. 2nd only to starwars
1|24817|I've seen some bad movies in my time but this is the absolute lowest form of film ever made. If I ever see anything remotely close to being this bad I will murder it.
1|4888|Wake me up when it's over.
5|13594|This movie was well thought out. I agree with the oscar award. This movie was made very beautifully. This is one of the best movies I have ever seen.
5|9183|Recently, I've become skeptical of the quirky and daring films that make movie critics swoon (like American Beauty), which are so often just predictable and pretentious. But here's a wonderful exception: Being John Malkovich is a huge joyride of a movie. Almost every scene is 100% bizarre, but the humor is mostly really subtle. As over-the-top as the whole concept is, there's nothing gratuitous (the way any of Tarantino's imitators would have it). Excellent acting, funny script, perfectly directed by Spike Jonez.
5|23457|this should definatly be higher on the list. This is an awsome M. Night Shaymalan movie. I've watched this movie many times and i still enjoy every minute of it. Shaymalan proves you can have an exciting movie without overusing CGI in a film. This movie is awsome to watch.
5|22749|I thought this movie was great. I liked the action scenes and found it very entertaining. I do have one criticism for the movie though, I did not feel that the background developed enough.
5|15683|Just saw this movie tonight. Cuba Gooding Jr and Robert Deniro were a great team! They portrayed their characters in a very honorable way which showed great respect for our men and women in uniform. Keep up the Great work Cuba!
5|23331|This is the first of the modern Sci-Fi films, but it really isn't about outer space - rather, it's an allegory using the space-man motif to make a universal plea for disarmament -- not a popular message in the Cold War atmosphere of the 1950s. In view of the power of McCarthyism and Hollywood black-listing at that time, it's amazing that this film was released. 
5|26|The best film in the whole series.
1|9412|Men In Black was an awful example of a Sci-Fi movie. That movie doesn't deserve recognition
1|461|with respect to ford and connery, this movie is a worthless abortion. the effects are cheesy, the timing is off, the plot's not so scary, and the degeneration of serious to fluffy that must befall any remarkable franchise or trend as it gains popularity and settles into routines seems especially pronounced in this threquel. it has some funny, silly moments which are welldone, but if i had it to do over i'd just burn the seven dollars and watch t.v. for two hours.
5|10937|Forgive me, but I adore this movie. I rented it really for lack of anything else that I really wanted to see, plus I thought it looked kinda funny. It turned out to be surprisingly adorable. Alright, fine, very unbelievable, but so what? It's a movie, not a documentary. And I thought it did a fantastic job of portraying high school life as it really is, which many movies miss the mark on. I would consider this a chick flick, with porn stars. It really is a teenage love story, and yeah, pretty much a carbon copy of Risky Business, but in a heavy time of remakes, if there is going to be one, it might as well be a good one, and this is.
5|21532|The best star wars yet, and the scenery was amazing.
5|23325|The sixth and final installment of the Star Trek series with James T. Kirk wraps up very nicely. This movie has it all; action, drama, comedy. But Star Trek fans will love this since the movie leads into the new Star Trek series. Besides the dynamic storyline, the special effects were extraordinary, the action is played out perfectly with these effects. If you like Star Trek you will love this movie. Even non-trekies will enjoy the action and drama the movie displays.
5|22985|Stanley Kubrick's masterpiece! That's all I gotta say!
5|13580|Look closer and you may find out that there are things about you that you might not like. This movie portrays the essence of life in middle class suburbia. That under this superfical happiness is a disturbing life. Very thought provoking and intriging. The fact that so many people related to this movie shows that we are all abonormal.
1|11660|Totally brain dead!
1|17211|More like Afterbirth, as in this stinkeroo was about as yucky as the stuff. Though I would have given it 2 stars because I didn't sleep through it, my wife actually booed it heartily as it cut to credits. This horrid movie had no mystery, suspense or scary moments (Theme: Married dude dies jogging and is reincarnated as a creepy little 10-year-old boy who insists he is widow's dead Dude husband. Finacee dude (who is a real schmuck) is not amused). Nicole Kidman plays the goofy widow/bride-to-be who gets mucked up in some Mary Kay Latournoesque scenes (which really grossed out my wife). Since the movie is so stinky, I am happy to give the plot away: little boy is not widow's dead dude husband, but actually a mixed-up kid whose head was becocked by some head games by the Anne Heche character (who was, best as I can tell, either dead dude's mistress or first wife or something, I don't even know). No one lives happily ever after, particularly the viewers. Nicole Kidman has been in 3 atrocities in a row (Dogville, Stepford Wives, and this stinker). I think her judgement is impaired since leaving Tom Cruise. Birth was in need of an abortion.
5|8289|What a great movie! This and Fargo show the Coen Brothers at the best; Nicholas Cage was never better.
5|11397|What a great cast! It's great to enjoy a well-written and well-acted comedy. Lisa Kudrow shows that she performs as well in full-length movies as well as on Friends. And DeNiro and Billy Crystal play off of each other beautifully. Enjoy!
5|5975|Out of all of the choices for classic movies on this site, Some Like It Hot, should be #1. It was rated the funniest movie ever made every single time at the AFI awards, and it deserves full credit. It's an extremly funny movie, and Marilyn Monroe does an excellent job. It introduces us to nice, crude humor and putting men in drag can be funny, it teaches us throughout the movie. It has great make up effects, and is pretty high budget for it's time, and it seems like none of the humor is outdated.
5|737|This film is magnificent! Beautiful to watch, under the control of Michael Manns assured direction. Performances are universally great, especially Wes Studi's evil scout. 
5|5746|The Birds is an extremly chilling and scary movie that stars supermodel of the 60's, Tippi Hedren. The film is pretty bloody for it's time, and it is pretty graphic, but I would want my kids to see it, because I want them to get used to watching these good movies.
1|8095|Watching this movie is like eating bad breath. Terrible terrible terrible movie. Even mean girls is better, and that hurts to say... but boobies beat ass-crack any day. don't see this movie 
1|11853|OMG, could you have made a worse movie? Who's idea was this? Why?????
5|8262|Raising Arizona (released in 1987) is the Coen Brothers' sophomore film and is considered by many to be their best. The movie starts with an extended, philosophically tinged monologue by smalltime criminal H.I. Hi McDonnough (Nicolas Cage) on how he meet his ex-cop wife Ed (Holly Hunter) and their struggles to have baby. The couple read about how the wife of local business bigwig Nathan Arizona, Sr. (Trey Wilson) has just had quintuplets so they decide that they should get a share of the bounty and kidnap one of the infants. Arizona hires a rough, no questions asked bounty hunter Leonard Smalls (Randall Tex Cobb) to track down the missing baby while Hi's neighbors (Sam McMurray and Frances McDormand) and hoodlum friends (John Goodman and William Forsythe) get suspicious and want the baby for themselves. After evading all the traps and snares set by all the antagonists, including a hair raising chase with a stolen box of Huggies, our heroes ultimately decide that honesty is the best policy. While I am not a fan of Nicolas Cage, he along with Goodman and Cobb made this film especially with the eccentric musings of Cage's character as the film progresses. The bottom line is that Raising Arizona is a great, eccentric comedy that is very cerebral notwithstanding much of the physical humor.
5|1520|The whole series is good, but part one is the best.
5|14562|Little known fact, but the sequel is about the further adventures of Wilson. Apparently, after he floats off into the sunset, he's picked up by a kung-fu/volleyball master (played by Michelle Yeoh) who's immigrating to America by boat. Yeoh catches the bad guys by spiking Wilson at them.
5|6529|Even allowing for the recent relative neglect of Hitchcock's British films(compared to some of the ever more acclaimed later American masterpieces),i'm still a bit disappointed this doesn't have the higher rating it deserves.Its characteristic Hitchcock theme of the innocent man who finds himself on the run then embroiled with a spy ring is most reminiscent of North by North West,and it's almost as enjoyable- loaded with the maestro's usual cinematic flair,a typically brilliant mix of humour and suspense,and at times surprisingly sexy for the period.Of course Hitch was always fond of a tease.It's my (and many others')personal favourite pre-war British classic.
5|12113|LOVED it!! A Laff Riot!!!!!
5|8504|It seems to me that any one who has ever worked at a crap job at some point in their lives, loves this film. Kevin Smith is by far my favorite writer director. He has a unique and realistic aproach to his films. He keeps it simple and always manages to make a point while making fun of life at the same time. Clerks is in my opinion the best, but the again it is the first film of his I saw which can make a person biased.
5|3451|More realistic than most people want to admit. The Green Party seizes power in Germant and kicks out the US Army. A revolution in Mexico. This leads to a Soviet led invasion of the United States. The Soviets would not nuke the USA because they desperatly need our fertile farm-land. The USA won't nuke it's own people. A two pronged invasion with troops coming up through Mexico and down though Canada brings a conventional war to mainland America. A ragtag group of young kids in small town, heartland USA see their idyllic little world turned upsidedown by the invasion, they decide to kick some commie butt. This is the plot behind this strangly compelling, and moving, movie. While it does not feature the best acting, and is a litle over the top in its Patriotism, it is still fun to watch. Unlike other war movies, where the good guys come in and save the day, the outcome and final resolution is, in a mild sort of way, unexpected. One of Patrick Swayze's first movies. The group of young freedom fighters are, of course, a disparate group. You have the jocks, the nerds, the smart ones, and the chicks. Sort of like THE BREAKFAST CLUB on steroids. A fairly passable war flick. Ignatious J. Reilly says Check it out.
1|23639|Utter garbage. Pseudo philosophy that wouldn't fool an intelligent junior high-school student. Apparently there aren't to many of those rating it here.
5|2997|Good acting and great plot. The flashback scenes when Redford explains his and Pitt's history are great! All around great movie.
5|5020|My kids are 4 and 5 and were so excited to see this movie (after seeing countless trailers on Nickelodeon). I wasn't quite sure if it was for them (the PG rating) however, we watched it together and everyone enjoyed it! It is a great family movie that parents and children can both enjoy. There was humor, action, neat gizmos and plenty of kid power to keep everyone entertained. The acting was great, the effects were entertaining and the plot was fun. A movie that you can watch with or without the kids!
5|10704|You can never go wrong with an Adam Sandler movie. Guaranteed laughs.
5|10710|Adam Sandler is hilarious!
1|13936|So...long...and...boring...
5|1252|Pulp Fiction is dizzying, dazzling piece of film-making with excellent dialogue, acting, directing, and overall a real thrill. I could watch it over and over again. Quentin Tarantino bet his debut by far. If you haven't seen this, you're missing out. Summary: ONE OF THE GREAT FILMS OF THE 90s 
5|14576|The scene where Sophie makes her choice is pure cinamatic brillance!
5|13219|Classic tale from Ken Kesey's classic novel. Jack Nicholson gives a stunning performance. The characters seem real and the script is flawless.
5|8510|awesome movie kevin smith is great
1|10581|Keanu sucks but so does the movie. You'd think Gene Hackman would make the movie, but he doesn't. They have cut so many scenes out of the movie that the story doesn't flow naturally. Very poor movie.
5|8276|This is another of those rare few I can never stop watching again and again. It was my introduction to the brilliant Nicholas Cage and I've been a fan ever since. A very funny, very original movie with a great cast.
5|9168|This was by far one of the best movies ever made. Spike Jonze is one of the smartest men alive to take on this movie. Number one... John Malkovich is one of the best actors of our time how crazy is it to have the idea to go inside his head. Number two... how crazy is it that they had john cusack (a regular guy off the street) as a puppet master. One Word ORIGINALITY. I could go on about how good this movie is for a day but there is not enough space for me to write how much i love this movie. This is a garunteed classic. This movie fits into every category by at least one scene or another. A must see
5|1534|Mel Gibson's acting was superb. Great edge.
5|14210|simply wonderful - not much action but charged emotion , seen it several times
5|17719|A wonderful movie. Michael Myers is the 3rd brother in the three brothers of horror, without him what would halloween be?
5|15126|This movie just kind of came and went, and nobody seems to have talked about it much. I'm surprised, because it was one of the more original and entertaining movies I've seen since American Beauty. I'm not saying it was a ground-breaking motion picture by any means, but the characters had depth, the story wasn't predictable, and the quality of the acting was high. I'll tell you what - if you didn't see it in the theater, and one night you're in the mood for a good, quirky rental, Wonder Boys is a great call.
5|22952|A classic.
5|6273|Bogart is at his best as a good guy (Frederick B. Dobbs) who comes down with deadly case of gold fever in the classic morality tale. Walter Huston and Tim Holt also give fine performances as iconic scenes ("Stinking badges" and the "Walter Huston dance") pepper this tale of greed and futility. Little Bobby Blake makes an appearence as the Mexican boy that sells Bogie the winning lottery that serves as the financial grubsteak needed to get the expedition off and running. Classic scenes from this film have been hilariously parodied in the ensuing years following it's release including a great Bugs Bunny take-off and Bart, Millhouse, and Martin Prince playing the principals (Bart had Bogie's role)in a Simpson's episode where the boys pool their funds to buy a rare comic book.
5|13557|This movie takes everything that is considered taboo or nasty and shows people that stuff like that really can happen. By the end of the movie, you are definitely left w/this weird feeling, like you wish things hadn't been so bad for the neighbor, you wish Spacey's character hadn't gotten shot...what a good movie.
5|12891|A movie with a miracle. This is a make-you-feel good movie. This movie will give in courage in life. It tells you that miracles do happen, but it's not something that we get just by sitting there and wanting it to come. You have to work hard and always believe in the things that you're doing. I mean after all, a miracle is not some magical thing, it's just our will and desire to thrive hard to get where we want go, and if you never give up, you'll eventually get there.
5|2015|I was screaming throughout the entire movie. I didn't suspect Harrison Ford to be the murderer. Michelle played a really beautiful role.
5|17731|Wonderfully eerie atmosphere, with winning performances by Jamie Lee Curtis and Donld Pleasance. I found its suble approach far more frightening than the jackhammer technique of movies such as The Exorcist.
5|938|An American classic. . .JAWS is still a great film 20+ years later. Robert Shaw as Quint is a great example of character acting. 
5|11340|This is the life story of Howard Stern. It is also one very funny movie. FOr those of us who like Howard, it is interesting to see how he worked his way up from obscurity to become the KING OF ALL MEDIA. FOr those of you who do not like Stern, this movie may give you some insight into his unique brand of humour. Great music throught the movie is an added bonous.
5|4464|FUNNY! NO ONE ELSE COULD PLAY THE GRINCH BUT JIM CARREY! 
5|4302|I love this movie! I think it's clever and very funny. It's really more for older children and adults, but all of my kids know it word for word. I found it unique and refreshing...
1|3842|The snake should have done us all a favour and eaten the director and writer.
5|6515|I really respect Chaplin for having the presence of mind and heart to make this movie. It wasn't necessarily brave - Hollywood was very anti-Nazi at the time. It was very compassionate of him to think of the plight of the Jews and to presume what their fate would be. He nailed Adenoid/Adolf, and Mussollini, and the whole dirty group. The movie speaks for itself - one of the greatest examples of tragi-comedy.
5|15898|Can't help it... LOVE this movie.
5|9626|i don't know why this movie is in the top ten on the list because every scene in this movie is classic!
5|13231|A unique important film that-if anything was underrated;probable the best performances by Dustin Hoffman and Tom Cruise.
5|15640|It's an AMAZING story and I absolutely love the costumes!
1|3856|HORRID action film with terrible performances and boring action scenes. Avoid at ALL costs.
5|13225|Great movie. Dustin Hoffman does a great job acting as an autistic-savont in this movie. He deserved the Oscar he won.
5|9632|One of the top 20 comedies of all time. This will be remembered as Carrey's funniest. If you like goofy physical comedy, it doesn't get any better. Carrey is the Jerry Lewis of this generation.
5|4316|I absolutely loved this movie. It was so cute, because it was pretty much a spoof of all the fairy tales. It had a real good meaning involving looks isn't that important as some people make it out to be. Ooh and it was funny. I just had to say I loved this movie again.
5|2767|Anyone expecting something really deep will be disappointed. I thought this movie was excellent. Great action, great characters, ... The characters weren't too serious, making fun of themselves, esp. Natalie (Diaz). The movie was heaps of fun. Go and see it! 
5|18370|It is sumptuous. The beauty of the film takes over when the plot briefly drags. I will add this film to my collection, and treasure it for the classic that time will prove it is.
5|17725|Made in 1978 Halloween is one of the best horror movies i have ever seen. i love this movie. its also a great dvd the music in this movie is good and very suspensful.
5|19708|I must highly recommend this movie if you are into the Jack the Ripper mystery at all. It took the theory that I like the most, and put a slight twist on it. The movie also came from Alan Moore's great From Hell comic series, which is what initially got me interested, and I must recommend that you check them out if you liked the movie.
5|7179|A classic. Man, I still remember the first time I saw Christie Brinkly drive up in that Ferrari. This movie has a bunch of hilarious scenes - my favorite being the talk Chevy Chase has with Anthony Michael Hall after he runs the car off the road. What happened to Chevy Chase? This movie, Fletch, his Saturday Night Live days - he did some great stuff. Then it just started getting worse and worse, culminating in that disastrous talk show. If you only know Chevy from his more recent movies, definitely rent Vacation so you can see him in his golden days.
5|22946|aging, but still very disturbing !
5|23480|An interesting twist on a myth that has been around for a very long time. Requires some open mindedness like most scifi. I guess if you don't get it you never will. Spinned off into two very good tv shows.
5|12885|What a movie! Just when you think ot ends it throws another 30 minutes at you. Anything else I could say would spoil its beauty. Any one whe doesn't like it needs to get a grip on life.
5|6930|Brings me off the couch laughing. I just hate leslie neilson because his opening is ALWAYS the same.
1|24397|Ignorant, implausible even by sci-fi movie standards. Duchovney proves that he couldn't perform calisthenics, much less as an actor.
5|19287|the ending was such a good surprise.
5|21718|Epic, archetypal, perfect in keeping with the power, drama, and message of the original writings. Combine all that with the superior acting, special effects, and attention to detail and this is the best epic since Star Wars. I have seen other attempts at making these books into movies, and they fell FAR short of what I imagined when I read them, but THIS series... this is better than I remembered, perfect in every way, inspirational, heart warming, hopeful, inspirational, what more could you ask for!!!
1|12625|Ouch. Painful! Allowing myself to be dragged to see this at the THEATER is on my top ten lists of regrets. In fact, my tombstone will probably read: "One regret" Dr. Kryptic, I'm assuming there were no parachutes on board. 
5|4841|I think this movie is not for children.
5|4699|Holes was an awsome movie. They had all the right people play all the right parts. The movie is way better then the book cause you can acually feel like your there. Expailly the pats when like it would flash back to like the older days. I give this movie 5 stars cause I feel like I have some sort of connection with it. I spent all my money to see this movie in theaters. Also to rent and I kept it over time so I had to pay a lot extra and I still havent returned it. If I could I would rate it more stars. cause this movie was exellent and I luv this movie. This is one of my all time favorite movie. Nice job to the people who made the movie. And an extra Nice job to all the D-tent Boys. 
5|7390|Just about the funniest movie I had seen in a long time. One of the rare movies that I can watch over & over.
1|19016|The title says it all, really.
5|7384|This is great! I watch this all the time and never get tired of it. This would be a good movie to watch on thanksgiving.
1|5764|2 WORDS SHE SUCKED AND SHE'S UGLY 
5|24112|Even with the recitation of the competing, the love story was excellent. With a classic style, and a modern edge, it had a little of everything, and it opened my mind a little more towards other places.
1|15638|One of the worst movies of all time. It was NOT powerful, and it certainly didn't move me. Sean Astin was so UNBELIEVABLE as Rudy.....
5|19293|Whoa. That was my first thought at the end of Identity. This movie was able to keep my attention with it's brillant cast and many plot twists. Many a time I thought I had the movie figured out only to have my whole thought process blown away when something new happened. John Cusack did an excellent job playing the lead role, and all of the supporting characters were able to round out the movie well. It is a freaky movie in a more realistic sense, and I would recommend this to anyone who wants to see a scary movie.
1|24383|Pointless. Senseless. Plotless. Thrill-less.
1|19764|Lame-o-rama.
5|1093|an excellent story about a pathetic individual. al pacino plays a cuban better than any cuban could have. one of the best films of the 80's.
5|6924|Funny movie. That's all you need to know.
1|14268|What a pile of dog crap this was and over rated. It is supposed to have some deep meaning about internal struggles, to me it is the story of a mad man told from the slightly saner personality.
5|21724|Just a wonderful, wonderful masterpiece! One of my all time top 10.
5|17296|This would be my number one reason for learning Italian, to fully understand every single word that comes from his (Robert's) mouth. Not many movies will make me cry, but this one did, I cant make me cry anymore, after seeing it 25 plus times, but I'm equally moved every time. Its fair to divided the movie into 2 chapters, The first one, is Guido (Roberto ) winning his love. The second chapter is about Roberto trying to protect his son from the horror of WW2. But much more, this is a tale about life, about love. Roberto is simply irresistible. His appetite for life is astonishing, breathtaking, the overall acting of all the characters are superb, and the music melt in. Maybe not the greatest movie ever, but darn close! 5 stars of 5. 
5|247|The epic chronicling the life and events of the Scottish legend William Wallace, Braveheart is beautifully contructed. Mel Gibson put on a career performance in this one, both behind and in front of the camera. This movie will make you laugh, cry and cringe in disgust. What else could you ask for? This was the best movie of the 90's.
1|2745|The movie had a good plot but the acting from Cameron Diaz completely ruined the story, it made me sick to watch her. It strayed too far from the original Charlies Angels, it dissapointed me.
5|8921|Birdcage is great
5|15481|Bruce Greenwood didn't really play Kennedy very well in the movie, but the screenplay of the movie was excellent nonetheless. It moves very quickly without getting mired in detail, which is a tendency in movies that recreate actual events. It hit all of the strategic concerns revolving around the Missile Crisis. Really this event was the turning point in the Cold War. Policymakers came to grips with the fact that nuclear annihilation was a very real possibility with escalating conflict. Thirteen Days very accurately portrayed the myriad of potential solutions to the deadlock like war with the Soviets or a blockade. The Joint Chiefs wanted war while the civilian leadership was more cautious. If you want a peek at how official Washington operates, take a look at this movie. The movie portrays the high point of the Kennedy administration, one that has a decidedly mixed record (sorry Redoedo). He got off to a very slow start but I would say that this was his baptismal by fire. He played hardball with the Soviets after this. The Cuban Missile Crisis also really changed the whole dynamic of the Cold War. The realities of nuclear annihilation became a very real, tangible possibility. The US and the Soviets had to improve relations or else there would have been a nuclear exchange; something that wouldn't have benefitted anyone at the end of the day. So anyways, minus Greenwood's bad portrayal of Kennedy, I would say it's a great movie.
5|12488|A good movie with a little play on history. Good cast, well written story and great effects. A fair and balanced telling of the story which appears to have gained the favor of some muslim groups. The movie shines a better light on Arabs then most movies have done. Well worth seeing on the big screen!
5|1905|In my opinion it just barely gets 5 stars. It's a great movie. Very innovative and Travolta and Cage do excellent jobs playing both the good guy and the bad guy. It's an excellent movie that you just have to see.
1|20873|I love John Travolta but this movie was a wasted hour of my time. It had great music but no story.
5|9381|Wonderful movie. Tommy lee Jones and Will Smith are so great together in this movie. They play off each other exceptionally well. There are some unnecessarily gross parts of this movie, but overall it's hysterical. Pity the sequel wasn't as good.
5|13796|I enjoyed this movie a lot even though it was long. It was a little disturbing during the execution, but overall, it was a good movie.
5|21042|An amazing movie/music experience that must be seen multiple times (perferably in altered mind states) to be truly appreciated as the wonderful masterpiece that it is. It includes lots of symbolism and crazy animation that must be seen to be believed.
1|15604|This move stunk! Rose was nothing but a slut. The acting was over done it was not historicaly accurate. To bad people dont really know there history they would see how lame this movie was. However Americans are for the most part not well educated on anything not directly involving them so this movie fooled the masses.
5|16822|Any film that supports the freedom of self expression and freedom of speech is way up in my book. The People vs. Larry Flint chronicles the story of Hustler magazine creator and publisher, Larry Flint. Starring a wonderfully talented cast including Woody Harrelson, Courtney Love and Edward Norton all turning in very praise worthy performances. Awarded with several awards and nominations. This film really makes Flint out to be a hero. Someone who stood for his rights and what he believed in. In a way, Flint is a hero in that light. He wanted his smut magazine in the market and damn you if you stood in his way. The People vs Larry Flint also manages to tug on some heart strings as it follows the declining health of Larry's wife to the AIDS virus. A very powerful and thought provoking film. Makes you proud to be an American. Well, most of us who fight for freedom in this country.
1|9162|Yuck! This movie sucked so much!!!!! What the hecl was the point of making that THING?!?!?!?! Tasteless and bitter jokes, I didn't laugh once in the movie. Not the best acting and the worst topic I've ever seen a movie about in my whole life! Ugh! I wasted 2 bucks on that piece of ...
1|13275|Saving Private Ryan - FUBAR!
5|1911|Face/Off was a great movie. It was interesting how the face exchange worked. The scene that I liked was the end, the face off between the two guys. The storyline was good too. I liked how they lived their rivals lives.
5|23127|Labyrinth is one of the best fantasy movies ever made. It is completely entertaining from beginning to end. I absolutely loved it ! I would recommend this movie over and over again.
5|14953|You can tell Mel Gibson has children in real life..He was very moving in this film-we are lucky to have him as an actor in our generation. Who was the boy that played the older son? A star to watch, I believe.
5|21730|Supeiorly Awesome!!!!!! I saw it 2 days after it came out, but I do have to agree with the bad ending. Why did they have to show Sam and his dumn,happily lived ever after, thing. I dont know what people are saying about the Shire being attacked by Sarumon. I thought with the death (or collapse) of Sauron,it would have killed all of evil. Anyways It rules!!!!
5|253|This is my favorite movie of all time. The acting is good. The plot is good. Everything is good. The battle scenes are very lifelike.
1|15162|Tom Cruise should retire from acting, because mainly he act act for beans and that he makes a total fool of himself in them. He also makes fools of the other actors and actresses acting with him. Jerry Maguire is a perfect example of how bad Tom really is.
5|21903|My favorite of the Trilogy. Ah-nold transformed the role from that of an uncaring machine into a machine with a soul. Rise of the Machines was good, but predictable.
5|11618|Outstanding film, I saw it at opening night of the Denver International Film Festival. This one will keep you rolling in the ailes! The acting is supperb all the way around. William H Macy should be up for a best actor nomination. Too bad this has a limited distribution since it is the best movie I've seen all year.
5|3653|if you want mindless, moronic action, this is the film for you. (girls, don't bother clicking the NO button, i just helped you out.) jet li shows off his considerable fighting skills against the only worthy opponent they could find for him: jet li! thank god this role didn't go to the rock, as it was supposed to. the great one is fine and everything, but i doubt he has the pinache for all of his smacketh laying downeth ability to properly club a guy with a motorcycle. very solid fx, with a sort of 'terminator' feel. the final fight alone is worth buying this flick for, no doubt about it. most people will hate it, but people take movies too seriously these days (thanks, quentin.) don't expect a great plot. it is, however, the best script jet li's gotten, and it shows. with the right lines, there'd be no stopping this guy. i'm nobody's bitch is a good first step, though. nice poetic justice at the end, resolving things into heaven and hell.
5|16177|The atmosphere in this movie is so real that it feels as if you were there and could smell it all. Every detail has a meaning. The work on the accents is thoughtful and well done. The music is perfectly chosen for every scene. The light and camera movements actually enhance the story and tell it, too. However, the best of it, is the acting, by the whole cast. DiCaprio, Lewis and Diaz, also tell a story, when they don't speak. I loved the way DiCaprio listens and acts the scene against Lewis, when the latter is wrapped in the american flag. It is the kind of movie that you want to see again and again, to feel it again, and discover new things. It will grow in time, even in the eyes of not a few detractors, because there are many aspects that might escape a first viewing. It's a great film, that reaches your senses, and makes you think. I can't wait for the DVD. 
1|20132|WORST MOVIE EVER
5|12311|The nonfiction much-written-about events of this movie were not at all new to me, yet the impact of seeing 'End of the Spear' was fresh, heart-piercing, motivating, and if ever the word should be used: poignant, that's what it was, poignant. U.S. missionaries in Ecuador seek out unreached cannibalistic Waodani tribe and are killed by them, and that's the beginning. Family members of missionaries then go to live with the tribe which then places trust in Christ. This redemption movie is told thru the eyes of a killed missionary's son. Highly recommend for Christians--don't know about nonChristians, they might find the concept absurd. For ex, when the son as a kid asked his dad if they would shoot the Waodani if attacked, the dad said, "Son, we can't shoot the Waodani, they're not ready for heaven, we are." (Well-done and beautiful film, but suspend disbelief as regards the failure of makeup to show aging of characters over decades.) 
5|9418|Excellent!!! Fantastic acting, terrific chemistry among the entire cast, wonderful story filled with laughter and tears!
1|17946|One of the most overrated movies ever!
5|1044|Frances McDormand was fabulous in this movie. "I suppose that's your partner in the wood chipper."
5|14006|Appealing to both men and women. Has a great cast and was a Hollywood success story for Matt Damon and Ben Affleck.
5|1722|Finally, a war movie that isn't based on vietnam and back. This has the usual flash and camera gloss that Jerry Bruckheimer brings to all his films. However, the movie appears to have credable acting by the cast thanks to the vision of acclaimed director Ridely Scott. This movie is not for the weak at heart. No gory detail was left out. Then again, whoever said war was supposed to be all glamorous and pretty. If anyone still holds that opinion, this movie will make them change their minds.
5|15318|Saw Finding Forrester last night. What an excellent movie. No car chases, violence or sex, and yes it was predictable but that is because the movie was real. The characters made decisions and played the roles of real people not supper human, everything is perfect people. In all I thought the movie was great story telling. Several scenes could have been overplayed and overacted. The producer seemed to maintain a very tight reign on how far affects and acting played on emotion and opted to allow the story to become a participating character and fill those voids. Example, the scene where Wallace gets Forrester out of his apartment for the first time to go to a basketball game and Forrester gets lost and becomes very confused with great anxiety. This could have been over dramatized with effects, music, and human emotion building a grand suspense moment. Instead, they allow the story to remain the character and you to understand the moment not caught up in the drama. Some will not enjoy the movie simply because it is relatively flat. My enjoyment came from watching superb professionals portray their characters without the crutches of effects. Sometimes it is much harder to convince the audience you are the real character without the supporting cast of the special effects department. A great feel good movie that does not leave you emotionally rung out and exhausted at the end.
5|19522|well acted, and horrifying.......a real "ghost" story and one of the few with a real plot and an Academy Award winning actor.
5|3121|This is one of the coolest sub movies I have ever seen.
5|10274|This movie is really good. It shows that girls can have a good time while running a bar. Me and my friends related to the characters in the movie.
5|5550|The best horror movie I've ever seen [!!], though it was not as funny as Scream... :o)
5|18628|Wow. What a great film. It's nice to see something like this come along, especially right when you're ready to give up on a genre. Kidman is amazing in this. All of the performances were top-notch, and the story was well crafted. Keeps you guessing right until that mind blowing plot twist that I'm still marveling over.
5|1736|What can I say about this movie that hasn't been said already? It's an absolutely brilliant film, and everyone that took a part in making it should be praised and applauded.
5|6059|Charles Laughton's only film as director(from 1955) is a once-neglected,now much cherished, fairytale fantasy/ allegorical suspense thriller- an unconventional genre mix-,which manages to be atmospheric and terrifying,as well as supremely lyrical and poetic.Robert Mitchum stars as an evil phoney preacher preying on a widow and her children, to gain a fortune hidden on their property.Memorable not only for his tremendous performance,but in particular for Stanley Cortez' peerless photography,with the children's moonlit river journey a great highlight of American Cinema.Voted all-time #3 in the 1989 Time Out poll,all-time #4 by German critics in 1995; a definite must-see. 
5|7347|I believe you have my stapler!
5|8074|One of my favorite movies of all time. The first time I saw Eddie pretending to be a gay herpes simplex 10 victim to get into a rich restaurant, I literally fell out of my chair laughing.
1|2976|Before I saw Hannibal I knew that it would and could never live up to Silence of the Lambs. A few months before the film even opened, I heard of all the A-List Talents that were behind this film. Editor Pietro Scalia (Good Will Hunting), Screenwriter Steven Zaillian (Schindler's List) and David Mamet (Probably the Greatest Modern American Playwright) are all part of the creative process that you'd think this movie would at least be a good sequel to a fantastic modern masterpiece. Then comes Ridley Scott, who, in my opinion is a hot and cold director. He directed such great films like Gladiator, Thelma and Louise and Blade Runner. But his resume also states he directed G.I. Jane, White Squall and 1492: Conquest of Paradise. (Need I say more?) After seeing the film, you really can't blame Sir Anthony Hopkins or Julianne Moore for this terrible love story masquerading as a suspenseful cat-and-mouse game. The blame truly goes to Ridley Scott here. This film is so awful that you can see the actors, and the creative team trying their best to make something out of bad material since it is the sequel to Silence. At times the screenplay delivers some witty reparte, and the language that Hannibal Lecter uses sometimes captures the original's rhythm and feel. There are great moments with John Mathieson's cinematography, especially the scenes in Italy and Hans Zimmer's score is one of his best in my opinion. But the pacing was so inconsistent, and the chemistry between Julianne Moore and Anthony Hopkins feel forced. Julianne Moore does her best to a role that truly doesn't belong to her and Anthony Hopkins looks freaky alright, but his performance at times feel a bit paint-by-numbers. There are plenty of holes unfilled in the plot too. (Why can't we know more about Hannibal's past caretaker, Barney? He's a really interesting guy! If Hannibal's in the ten most wanted list of the FBI, how did he ever make it through Airport Security? If everyone is using the internet to catch Hannibal since the internet is loaded with Hannibal information, why is he so hard to find?) There are some really stupid moments in the film. For example, for ten years the FBI has been trying their best to capture our beloved Cannibal but it takes two seconds for three Italian thugs to knock him out and dump him in the back of a van . . . WITH A TASER GUN! Oh and the final ten minutes of the film is so ridiculous you leave the theatre laughing at how low filmmakers can go with gore. And the brain eating scene just gives you a headache (literally) because it's so contrived and it feels so set up for the audience to squiggle and squirm that it comes off as one of the corniest gags in Hollywood History. I wonder what Jonathan Demme has to say after seeing the sequel to his original? 
5|7421|Listen FOCKERS..this movie is funny. If it doesn't make you laugh your passed out. I can't wait till the sequal MEET THE FOCKERS comes out when HIS parents come to visit.
1|20126|This is not a horror film, it's a horrible film. A thoughtful review of this picture is virtually impossible ... but here goes. The characters are annoying and become only more so as you watch them through the lense of a camera that is so damn wobbly you can hardly walk straight at the end of the film.
5|5236|One of the most beloved movies of our time, and rightly so. Growing up I always anticipated an airing of The Wizard of Oz on tv. What a treat it was, to be taken to OZ, to escape from the real world, and be apart of something so fantastic and beautiful. Its sometimes hard for me to think that Shirley Temple was actually considered first and foremost for the film, as Dorthy is supposed to be just a Child. I doubt the movie would be the classic it is today, without Garlands brilliance, and amazing voice. Somewhere over the Rainbow, strikes a cord to all whom listen, and its probably the single most definitive score in Cinema history. A tale of 4 wayword souls, on a journey to become "complete" find along the way that they didnt need anything to prove their worth, it was inside them all along. And our beloved Dorothy, finds that, through all of lifes struggles, what matters in the end, are those whom we love and love us, and indeed there is no place like home' 
5|21917|Terminator 2 was one of the only few movies that was actually better than the original. This movie had it all- great acting, great directing, awesome special effects and great music. Terminator 2 redefined the movie industry with its special effects. Robert Patrick's portrayal of the evil T-1000 was excellent, and I was very happy to see the Terminator as a good guy rather than a bad guy. The film itself causes you to have an emotional connection to the machine, which makes the ending all the more depressing. A great movie- a classic!
5|4128|C'mon...who wouldn't love to explore a world made of candy?
5|3647|chris rock and anthony hopikins were great together
5|19250|This is good science fiction outside the modern slash and splatter mode. This has a plot and a story. Charlton Heston is great here.
5|15442|I wasn't sure what to expect out of this movie. I bought it at first, because Mark Ruffalo is in it. It isn't a film for everyone, but I loved it. It takes you through a wide range of emotions. And although it ends tragically, it leaves you with a lot to think about.
5|14984|Richly deserving its accolades. I would venture to say Clint deserved the Best Actor Oscar, but he did get Best Director. Though it looks like a boxing movie, it is so much more than that. You need to see it. I'd put it in my all-time Top-10 and probably the Best Picture since Forest Gump.
5|13033|I'm writing this review for every part of the movie. So many things happen throughout the whole saga! And it's one of the few movies where at times I completely forgot that the people were acting. It was so real. The actors were amazing. Too bad I don't have a drop of Italian blood in me; this remarkable film would make me proud in an odd sort of way...
5|9424|This movie is very sweet and realistic (except the Martin Short character!) and it makes me go, Hey, when can I get married! A real winner!
5|284|Braveheart has all the ingredients for a great action movie - Blood, Mel Gibson, Romance, FREEDOM!
5|18166|one of the first classy intellectual horror movies, holds up very well !
1|7826|I saw it when I was younger i thought it was exteremly boring but maybe I should see it again I might like it.
5|19278|Watching part of this movie on HBO, I thought: Not even the most pathetic, hopeless, drooling-all-over-his-overalls-and-not-even-caring-idiot could find any merit in it at all. I was wrong.
5|21081|Oy, Comon this movie is a classic! Classic songs and so well done. Never been another close to it depicting TRADITION ...Songs from this played at my wedding dinner, and was married under a Chuppa ... Be a mench and admit this was a great movie. The theatre vesions of it were also well done! 
5|4666|Wilbur sure was *some pig*. This classic is a must see for any age child -- and for those that can understand the concepts and ideas the movie puts on the table, there are even some wonderful moral lessons.
5|5578|One time the Oscars got it right.Casablanca speaks for itself: Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world,she walks into mine . Here's looking at you,kid . Round up the usual suspects . Play it again,Sam (misquote,but all part of the legend). We'll always have Paris . I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship .
5|17533|At last! A teen movie that's not about girls fighting off hormone - driven dumbbells! Jess and her girlfriend were smart; their parents were not lamebrained bigots; the teens and their parents COMPROMISED [instead of Hollywood's parental cave-ins] -- talking about smashing stereotypes! I love culture clash -- Briton versus East Indian; teens versus parents -- especially when it's done right. This was done right.
5|9342|Awesome movie
5|6071|The movie 'The Warriors was popular when my kids were teens so I thought it was a good idea to show them a gang related movie from my era. Needless to say, I still haven,t lived it down, as my sons found it very corny. In my high school,every boy was wearing a purple shirt after that movie came out. It,s tough to get old!
5|15324|Not a perfect movie, but one that finally shows Gus van Sant besting his great 1989 film (debut?) Drugstore Cowboy. Forrester has the same gritty style of movie-making (and a great Miles Davis-dominated soundtrack), but this time it's wrapped around an uplifting story of a supremely gifted black teenager and his discovery as a legendary mentor. Sure, the story is quite improbable and it glosses over A LOT... but Connery and Rob Brown are both excellent, so you wind up WANTING to forgive the plot lapses and hoping for the predictable ending. In a weak year for movies, I left this one thinking it was worth the trip.
5|13999|Hot guys and an original story. I love the accents of the guys and the real pain Matt Damon shows in his role as Will Hunting.
5|16639|A great movie about a man reflecting on the wrong he has done in his life, and trying to salvage what is left. Spike Lee made a great film, and Edward Norton is amazing like always.
5|21095|Marilyn at one of her best thats also in the diamond collection I love Marilyn I always will.
5|2203|After seeing this movie in the theatre I knew that I had to own it. This movie had it all action, romance and even a little bit of history rolled into a story of betrayal and revenge. One of the most memorable performances was the one that Richard Harris gave as The Priest . The character was light hearted but still inspired a broken Edmund Dantes to not give up in life and never lose hope.
5|2565|This movie was the best movie I've seen this year. It is so funny and the action was great. I recommend that everyone of any age should watch this in the theaters.
5|4114|The snozberries taste like snozberries.
1|12816|Beautiful film, if you are willing to ignore 6 million dead jews that came afterwards, off screen
5|15456|Interesting plot and great representation of the novel. Eryka Badu, Delroy Lindo, Mindreal Fane, is a great ensamble put together. I especially like the scene when Lindo confesses toward the end. It was a very deep scene.
5|14990|A great documentary. The length of the movie was appropriate.
5|13027|what can I say? incredible! Pachino and Brando are genius together. a masterpiece! anyone who has the guts to can this movie is a bigger man than me. a must see
1|14287|A movie that contains no optimism and has protagonists spreading evil, this one should certainly be avoided at all costs by everyone. The hero of the movie containmates restaurant food and makes illegal soap. These insane people then want to fight to be able to feel. That makes no sense. This, of course, leads to alot of gore and blood, with senseless violence all around. Of course, this terror of a movie got critically acclaimed. But we all know adult means sexual and gritty means filled to the brim with senseless violence. Whatever happened to the G-rated live-action genre?
5|19254|Creepy!
5|3643|This is the best ( and really for me, the only) that Belushi has ever done very well. Everything about this movie made sense and connected well. They also didn't add a deep love story, which for this movie was good.
5|21913|1 uv my favorite muvies uv all time great graphics and sound ive watched it over a hundred times i own both muvies but this 1 is much better than the 1st an i plan on ownin the 3rd 2 my collection if u havent seen it c it right now terminator rules
5|5232|One of Hitchcock's best. This won Best Picture the year it came out. Joan Fontaine plays the woman who marries Laurence Olivier, a man who was once married to a lady named Rebecca. Fontaine is constantly haunted by the many reminders of Rebecca in the mansion called Mandalay. Judith Anderson is awesome as Miss Danvers, the housemaid who adored the late Rebecca. (She later became Dame Judith Anderson, and actually portrayed the Vulcan High Priestess in Star Trek III: The Search For Spock).
5|10516|very funny I liked it alot.
5|14770|The most moving film I have ever seen. It changed the way I thought.
1|2972|After just reading the book, I thought the movie deleted too many essential characters and left out too many important facts that would have explained things in the movie. The movie seemed out of kelter with the book in several spots, almost as if they had to put them in the movie but not in the order they were in the book. Overall, the movie just plain sucked. The actress that played Clarice Starling was horrible. I think if Joddie Foster had played in it, her abilities would have been so much better. The entire movie seemed like a clinical manual void of the emotion and horror that fuled the first movie. 
5|8716|I loved this movie. It's very realistic and I enjoyed it a lot.
5|7425|Great movie. Would recommend to anyone.
5|8070|Eddie Murphy is pretty hysterical in any movie he's in, this one included. A laugh riot!
5|23862|This movie was way better then I expected, totally unique storyline, compared to most of today's movies, which are so predictable and typical!!!
5|15308|Finding Forrester is one of the best movies I've seen not only in the past 2 or 3 years, but of my life. The main character is an urban kid and is really a genius. He's sent to a prestigious prep school and everyone doesn't think he's academically sound, yet he really is a genius. Everyone thinks the school took him for his equally amazing basketball ability. The friendship he forms with the intellectual writer William Forrester makes the movie a bit of a bildungsroman. I would emphatically recommend it to anyone who hasn't seen it. It is a classic in my opinion.
1|11499|Beyond stupid!
5|14016|Incredibly powerful movie. Masterfully made. Robin Williams was at his best(which is awesome), and this made me a fan of Matt Damon.
5|13779|Can I just say this movie was incredible. I didnt even notice the hours going by because it hooked me at the beginning and transported me into the world of Paul Edgecomb and the rest of the guards and the prisoners. The ensemble of great actors is what really made this movie spectacular. David Morse and Doug Hutchison top the list. They were both incredible. Doug played a sniveling little rat to a T. Such a moving powerful story. And so sad. All the actors did their parts so well, you really felt what the characters were feeling. I have watched it again and again. I never tire of it.
1|22053|This movie was horrible, just insanely horrible, I will never like this movie. It was horrible. The only reason I might watch this movie, is if I am 65 and had to save my life. Effects were horrible. Acting was stiff. Everyone did a bad job on this movie.
5|5554|They just don't make them like that any more. Casablanca is great concise story telling, a human drama played against a larger than life back drop. There is great characters with their better nature coming up against their flaws andtheir past. There is incredible witty dialogue delivered by fabulous actors. Even the minor character roles like Karl the waiter and Major Strasser are pitch perfect. If it seems cliche or predictable, it's only because it has become such a film icon.
5|10270|Movie has girls. Guy flick. Attractive girls. Good plot.
5|5540|This movie defined what scary movies should be like. Alfred Hitchcock was a genius for his time. He set the standard for these types of movies. The shower scene is and will always be the best scene in any movie. The way they made it was great.
5|10264|I loved this movie because of the fun adventure that this young girl goes through. The cast is fun and I liked it because they made it so believeable. This movie made the audience want to go be a bartender(and go buy the soundtrack).
5|16615|I really thought the acting was well done. It's a pretty interesting movie and Sy (Robin Williams) is a invoking interesting character who's so creepy and yet so pitiful.
5|3131|I loved this movie becaue it is non-stop action. The movie is very well acted and the special effects are awesome.
5|8064|I thought this movie was so cute! It wasn't really what I thought as a chick flick. You kind of know the ending but it is incredibly funny. Although this movie was such a small production..sometimes smaller movies are the best! I recommend it to anyone!
5|23876|I didnt think this movies would be as good as it turned out, its really sweet
5|14002|This movie is about a genius who's stuck in a job going nowhere, and in a city going nowhere. He reads to learn and has the gift of understanding almost anything. He solves math problems that even math professors can't solve. He wins the girl that he wanted at the end.
5|6049|Good vs. evil has never been done simpler-or better.
5|1040|I remember when I went to see this. People had told me how good it was, but I wasn't expecting very much. After all, it starred Bruce Willis. Boy, was I wrong. This is a great action movie which catipulted Willis from television to the big screen. While parts follow the simple action movie formula (superhero fighting evil), the movie has a good sub-plot surrounding the scumbag television reporter. I also liked the second one, but he probably should have stopped there.
5|14764|A classic movie that deserves a better rating for it's great view of the difficulties of slaves.
5|12315|Little red riding hood is a crapy a hole
5|8702|Absolutely terrific. Had me cracking up from begging to end. Every castmember was excellent and each put their own stamp on the movie. The modern day Porky's/Animal House type movie. Even character was awesome, in my opinion though, Stiffler really made the movie
5|16173|I thought this was a great movie..Yes,it was long and had its share of gore,but I found it all to tie in with the tale that was being told....
5|2549|This movie was really cool!!!
5|21907|The best of the trilogy for sure ! Really well made...Schwartzy is always cool 
5|6707|Rita Hayworth was quite a babe in this. That hair-tossing scene is a classic.
5|13023|I wish the mafia would put a hit out on Callmetootie
5|9434|very good and very funny I dont think I seen a movie yet with Johnny Depp thats hasent been good. He is a very good actor
5|14994|Awesome performance by Jaime Foxx. Worthy movie to the legacy of Ray Charles.
5|7419|This is the funniest movie I have ever seen and after viewing it several times, I still laugh just as hard as the first time! Originally I saw it in a crowded theater and thank God everyone else found it just as funny as I did, people were laughing so loudly and I was literally in tears! You think of Robert DeNiro as a serious actor, and he is one of the greatest of all times, however he shows his comedic talent in this movie! I truthfully can not think of one thing I did not like about this movie.....no, that is not right, I can think of one thing...it had to end! 
5|11634|If you like the subtle absurdities of Rushmore and the Royal Tenenbaums, Bottle Rocket is a must see. This is before the other two, and best captures Andersons style. It had me laughing my arse off. Then again, if you're not a fan of Wes Anderson or the Wilson brothers, you may just find it boring. Definitely worth renting, though.
1|23417|Really butt awful. Think of all the hungry poor people we could've fed with the money they spent on this turkey.
1|24378|A shallow plot with an unrealistic backstory. I am sorry but I have to rate this movie as terrible. I expected this movie to be better but sadly I was dissapointed. Essencially, all that happened was everyone went insane and killed each other. It's called acid guys, try it some time.
5|2561|.
5|18176|Name another film with free hard candy,a one legged priest and buckets of room temperature sheep entrails..i mean,besides the scat porn shot at Dick Martins palatial mansion.The dead walk and start sinking their teeth into anything that moves (except Harry Careys bowels).The only way this could have been more terrifying is if the helicopter had landed on a Zayres.Remember the two main rules for dealing with the undead:shoot them in the head and come on in...grab a gun (*must be said in a canned staccato western amusement park voice)
5|2207|This movie wins you casually, as though not seeming to have to make an effort despite its grandeur and scope, with one of the great all time novels watching its back. The actors have a lot of fun with their roles, and the action is great. The scenery, costumes, ironies, romance, are all ideallic. Strongly recommended.
5|18610|the part where the branch went you know where was DISGUSTING!! This movie seriously almost made me vomit!! It rocked!!
5|17523|An incredible, but true story that was a terrific movie. The recent book, Hitler's Jewish Soldier's, by Bryan Mark Rigg, adds to its importance.
5|21091|MADONNA RULES!
5|15334|I love Charlize!! It was amazing how they made her look like Aileen. She looked just like Aileen...but a younger version of her. This movie was excellent, and Charlize was stellar. This movie was a big break for her. The end was so sad and made me cry. I liked this movie so much that I bought it on dvd the first day it came out. Charlize definitely deserved all the awards she received for this film.
5|6061|Spellbinding.
5|13745|This has got to be one of the best movies ever made. Tom Hanks, as always, is brilliant in this movie. Has a great suspension of disbelief. You know this couldn't be a true story, but you wish so much that it was, and believe every single thing that happens on it. This is deffinetly in my top five list of movies I've seen.
5|9352|Cute movie. Love the dog!
5|8058|I have purchased many videos/dvds or my children. This is the first dvd that I have purchased for myself. It was a great movie.
5|15320|i loved it and it was a deep movie it also made me cry i don't know why.
5|6075|This is a very good romantic modern day version of Romeo Juliet. It has a very sad ending and lots of good songs I just wish Tony Maria could have found a way to be together.
1|10977|Make up was excellent but Martin Lawerence is such an idiot. He couldn't act his way out of a wet paper sack.
5|13751|It was a powerful book and an equally powerful film. I thought David Morse was especially good in his role. This movie nearly changed the way I look at the death penalty and death row in this country. My favorite scene is when John is watching the movie of Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, and tears are streaming down his face. Michael Clarke Duncan gave a very powerful performance.
5|18604|I am a HUGE fan of Bruce Cambell! I even bought the Army of Darkness figurine. These movies are fantastic....if you love horror with a comedic twist these are the movies for you. Also if your into b-movies these are great for sitting back with your friends and having lots of laughs.
5|17537|Great movie........
5|21085|madonna..5 stars all the way..and an oscar!!
5|11620|this movie was the best...cant get 2 much better...You see this artifact? Look, there's a secret compartment for your weed right here. See this other artifact, here's the compartment for your weed again.
5|18162|I watched this my senior year in high school, and the movie came out in 1961. This movie is VERY good. I'd recommend this. It is very disturbing dealing with the Devil and all, and a woman carrying it's baby.
5|280|Braveheart was the best. Good actors, plot, etc. etc.
5|17251|The greatest movie I've ever seen. Ah, some people just don't appreciate great films....
5|9420|Callmetootie is an idiot. Steve Martin is hilarious, and Martin Short is one fo the great supporting actors in a comedy in this movie. Great cast makes it work. 
5|15446|WOW...Cate Blanchett was very excellent as Guerin and Ciaran Hinds was equally convincing as the conniving John Trainor.
1|19953|Ok for a slasher. But how many have there been of them now? Yawn.
5|14980|Heart breaking. The mother daughter dynamic was tough to swallow. Perfectly acted by the main cast and told in an unrushed and sincere manner befitting the story.
5|12329|One hell of a movie.
5|22201|That this movie belongs to a clearly recognizable genre -- man vs. machine -- in no way detracts from its cinemtaic value. The question is, does it do service to that genre? Definitely yes! Whenever filmmakers successfully combine stunning visual effects, interesting characters and a thought-provoking storyline, they've got a winner that deserves to be watched over and over again. This movie is a winner!
5|6920|Satire at it's best.
5|24670|Oh yeah! Lost in Space rules! I am a huge fan of the TV show, and even though the movie is very different, it's still a lot of fun to watch. Gary Oldman was a good choice for Dr. Smith. But if there's a sequel, I hope they take out that stupid yellow creature. That was the only annoying part of the movie. Overall, it has a good cast, a pretty good story, unbelievable effects, and a ton of cool action. I'd love to see a sequel.
5|18189|Finally the Shape has come back to review Dawn of the Dead --- Mention to someone that you like horror films and chances are, they'll roll their eyes. And, to some extent, who could blame them? We've had countless killers wiping out legions of co-eds, campers, party-hearty types, etc. A lot of blood has been shed, usually in movies with basically no plot, almost always not a shred of decent acting, and usually in a by-the-numbers fashion that concentrates more on gore than actually scaring the audience. Dawn Of The Dead , doesn't forget that a horror movie doesn't have to stoop so low in order to set the mood. Yes, it's gory, especially in the ending sequence. But it's not all gore. The opening passages introduce us to the plague that's turning the dead into the undead, hungry for human flesh. We see police officers re-killing people they've killed just minutes earlier. We see rednecks popping zombies and chugging beer. We see television reports about the plague, and religious types declaring war on the undead. George Romero is smart enough to set the stage with these things instead of endless gore. The movie turns into a battle for survival, as a group of people settle inside a shopping mall to protect themselves from the zombie army waiting outside. In a nice realistic touch, the group eliminates the zombies inside, then grow bored by the hour, and much of the middle part of the movie concentrates on the small talk and chatter that goes on within the group. But when a renegade biker group decides to invade the mall, it opens the doors for the final battle, as hundreds of zombies make their way indoors, slowly but surely finding their way to their next meal. The final battle is gross, yes. Particularly graphic and gory. And yet, I didn't mind. In a way, this really is a war movie. There's more action than scares, and as in any battle, things could get pretty disgusting in the end. Don't hold the violence against the film simply for being a horror movie. It's necessary, at least to some extent. Sometimes, a horror movie can be effective just by atmosphere and the classic man-against-monster scenario. The makers of Dawn Of The Dead realized that. Too bad other horror movie makers don't. The Shape,card carrying film reviewer from around the way. 
5|21708|Great end of a great trilogy. Plenty of fighting. Easily the best although by now the idea is unoriginal.
5|19297|Before Halloween and it's many rip offs, there was Black Christmas. A real classic.
5|18837|I was reading an ad in the paper and it said that you will be looking for the exit at the 5 min mark and thats exactly what I did. The movie was very well made,shot,and acted.The disturbing factor of this movie was through the roof.Many unexpected events and happenings in this movie to keep you on edge at all times.If you want to see somthing push the boundaries of movie making go see it.
5|5597|One of the best films ever made. The technology used in filming was revolutionary at the time. Beautiful performances by Bogart and Bergman. The film is well put together and enjoyable.
5|23679|Another complex Gilliam masterpiece. Most folks want escapism that doesn't bewilder, which is why a lot of his work keeps people at arm's length. 12 MONKEYS is one you have to watch at least three times in order to pick up the detail (most do it once, roll their eyes, and get in line for THE MATRIX). A chain-of-events thriller for the thinking person.
5|24116|A great mix of music from the the 70's and early 80's. I loved the story line and the bad guy, no matter who it is, always gets his in the end. This is an excellent movie to take your son to. Its a great story.
5|1929|Face/Off is a dope ass movie. Nicholas Cage is one of the best actors in my opinion. There should have been some sex in it though.
1|15628|This movie was absolute tripe, awful!! You can tell the story was taken from a well written book and instead of being true to the book it was completely hollywood-ised, where half-way through we were seeing the whose who of hollywood which completely detracted from the movie. Nicole Kidman is a good actress, but this movie failed to stretch her ability or show any of her growing potential like The Hours or The Others. The accents were awful, if your getting paid $15 million for a movie the least you could do is show some respect to the audiences intelligence and do a convincing southern accent.
5|5583|Great story, great moments. What could be better?
5|519|Scorsese is a genius! Pechi and Liota steal the show!
1|12621|Doesn't matter who Angelina's currently spreading her legs for in Hollywood...she STILL sucks.
5|11807|INCREDIBLE! May have even bumbped Fight Clug from my top fave spot. I'll have to see the back to back, once I get the Huckabees DVD. HIGHLY RECOMMEND! LOVE THE MUSIC BY JON BRION as well. PERFECT for the movie!
1|10036|Whoopie - painful as always.
5|6934|It's great for when you want comedy you don't have to think about. I must have seen it about 50 times, and every single time i find myself absolutely laughing out of my chair, not to mention i still pick up on jokes i hadn't seen before. Anything with Leslie Nielson in it is pure gold.
5|22215|Fresh movie w/ serious Maryist metaphysics.
1|16447|Robin Williams' dramatic cry alongs get really old in Patch Adams. The movie starts out okay but soon progresses into an overly dramatic movie that will bore you to tears.
5|1083|The Cohen brothers have triumphed again! McDermand and Buscemi are wonderful. I probably would have catagorized this with the comedies.
5|257|This is the best action thriller movie. If you are into bloody battles and heroes watch this movie.
5|17286|I love Roberto Benigni! I think he is so funny. I am sure some people find him too hyperactive but I do not mind. It might take a few minutes to get use to his style. The plot: A Jewish man falls for a beautiful woman Nicoletta Braschi using his humour he captures her heart, the heart of his son, and the movie viewer. You truly see how the power of love and hope exists during the most trying of conditions in Nazi concentration camps. It is a movie that will stay with you. If you like Roberto Benigni.. I also liked the movie Johnny Stecchino. 
5|16198|I found 'Lost in Translation to be pretty much damn near perfect. Subtle, delicate, touching, tragic - it's one of those movies in which nothing really happens, but for some reason or another, just gets it.... just manages to capture something about the human condition, and relationships and loneliness and foreignness and timing and lots of other uncomfotable things. Bill Murray is masterful - as much for his expressions and the things he doesn't say, as for his lines. Scarlett Johansson was absolutely captivating. Can't wait to see more of Sofia Coppola and Scarlett Johansson.
5|21734|This is easily the best movie of 2003, a great way to end a great trilogy, and it deserves to win the oscar for best picture.
5|14957|Patriot is a fantastic movie. Great story, great costumes, a lot of action. The action is not too realistic, which is rare these days.
1|2755|I'm sorry for all Cahrlie fans but I think the movie was terrible, a total waste of money and time!
1|20863|Life is too short to watch this horrorshow.
5|1915|I loved this movie! At first it was hard to understand but then I caught on quickly. It was jam packed with action and it had a really good plot to it.
5|11191|Another outstanding comedy from Eddie Murphy. I laughed throughout the whole thing. I usually don't watch a movie with a smile, but it is impossible to not smile while watching this movie. It isn't as funny as the first one, but it still gets a 5.
5|16826|One of my favourite movies of all time. God, if only there were more Nelsons around.
5|531|Great movie. Pesci is a straight badass. This movie can never get old.
5|21046|Best enjoyed with a blunt.
1|9172|is there a half star that wuz the worst show i have seen period i'm not showing any sarcasm either that show wuz so utterly boring i would litterally die before watching it again i saw no funny things or no high points it wuz so boring i didn't even watch it all. worse then battlefield earth not joking either 
5|525|One of the best modern gangster films of all time. Joe Pesci in one of his best roles, with his classic scene funny how! The rise and fall of big-time, small time criminals with no family backing them. Plus, the youthful shots of Ray Liota's character in the beginning of the film are a nice touch.
5|13792|I thought this movie was great. I liked the whole movie. I didn't fall asleep once.
5|23889|This movie has you learn a lot, I watched it at home and remembered from my Biology class that G, A, T, C were letters that stand for DNA nucleotides. It is a great movie
1|17003|What a piece of formulatic crap. This movie is just another example that Hollywood has run out of ideas. It serves no purpose other that to have talentless actors showcase their bland personalities in a badly written script, and to highlight current rap music that no one will remember in 5 years (except Missy Elliot). The dancing is nothing new, and the plot is overused. This will probably make some impact at the box office, but that just goes to show the intelligence of the movie going public. I know this isn't supposed to be art, but formula movies should show SOME effort to be unique and different 
5|6908|This movie is so funny. Lloyd Bridges also played a great part and before the movie ended, he was a chain smoking, alcoholic drug addict.
1|4330|Good actors with a bad movie.
5|14943|The Patriot is the best movie i have ever seen. There was so much action. it had different genres of movies all in one. it had drama, action and comedy. This movie deserves a five star rating!I loved it sooooo much, and can't wait to buy it!
5|23137|I adore this movie. Bowie became my hero after I saw his performance in this great movie. I have seen this movie probably over 100 times and I still love watching it.
5|243|What I liked in Braveheart is how much love he had for his wife, and when she died he did not let her die for nothing.
5|17292|The best Holocaust movie.Begnini deserved the Oscar.
5|3870|This film is amazing and should be the top movie of all time. you can never get bored of it and it brings a smile to your face every time. It's one of those magical things that captures you and won't let go. It's most memorable movie of all time.
5|3327|I gave this movie a five because the graphics were so cool. The part when he was climbing on the mountain in the beginning looked real. The martial art moves that Tom Cruise does is amazing.
5|16403|Like an Edward Hopper painting; full of silence, loneliness and urban despair.
5|14214|Russell Crowe can flat-out ACT. Jennifer Connelly gives an exceptionally fine performance as well.
5|1530|Lethal Weapon combined drama and action in a fairly believable plot. One of my favorites.
1|20446|this is a remake of the texas chainsaw masscre shame on you renne zellweger for showing up for the first day of shooting
1|11843|Comedy, no. Accurate representation of karaoke subculture, no way. Well-written, ixnay. Engaging, only the storyline about the man who quits his job and goes crazy; but - it went down the tubes and the promise was broken.
5|8272|More than a comedy, this is an all-around excellent film. Cage and Hunter are marvellous as a couple who, out of desperation, take matters into their own, though somewhat confused, hands. This film could have been dark or jaded, but it was handled with such a light touch that it turns out to be a positive affirmation of love and hope.
5|7627|This is the best movie. If you haven't seen it. Rent it and you'll love it to.
1|20320|what can i say, this is at the top of my worst sequels list, right next to urban legends, final cut, i still know what you did last summer, and halloween 3. ok, its jason takes manhattan, yet the entire movie takes place on a cruise ship exept at the end when they drift ashore on manhatton. the last 20 min. of the movie is in manhattan. it was cute when the black guy got his head blocked off, but honestly, if a couple of punks were giving jason sh*t, would jason really just show them his face? this movie was a travesty to the friday the 13th series. besides, jason looks so decayed in this movie that a stiff breeze would take him out. this movie sucks!
5|12103|I could not have had a more different experience with this movie than Shroomwoman. I loved this flick. Seeing the movie billed as a comedy and seeing that Steve Martin was the lead, I was expecting a light, Roxanne-like movie that might be good for a couple of laughs. What I got was the bizarre, dark little movie about a complacent dentist (Martin) who makes a couple of bad decisions, and sees his life spiral out of control. While there are funny scenes, this movie is in NO way a comedy. Think Donnie Darko, not The Jerk. There were some outstanding performances by bit parts - Scott Caan as the villain, Kevin Bacon as the movie star doing research for a murder mystery film, and of course Laura Dern. This is a weird, creepy, dark, bizarre little movie - strongly recommended if you like that kind of thing.
5|8514|Kevin Smith's first effort is full of terrific dialogue that is his trademark. The first of a series that includes Mallrats, Chasing Amy, and Dogma. For adults only; watch them all for a movie night!
5|6539|This is a real masterpiece. Not only one of the best movies about judgments in the History but one of the best I ve ever seen. Incredible group of characters performed by actors like James Stewart, Ben Gazzara or the beautiful Lee Remick. Preminger doesn t need to show you the characters more than a minute for you to know them well. That s classic cinema. Fine camera movements, great use of the time (not the videoclips we are used to see these days) and a marvellous script that doesn t use the flashbacks in order not to give you subjective information, you only know what happened thanks to what characters say. You can believe it or not. That s intelligent. Because at the end, you can only still supposse what happened!. If you haven t seen it, go and look for it!, I promise you won t regret. 
5|5030|Okay, the only way not to like this movie was if you don't speak english. If shark tale's directors' aim was to create a hilarious movie (which i think was the one and only aim with this movie, aside from teaching kids some valuable lessons, which is kinda obvious and u gotta be real dumb to try and hold it against it, cuz its a f***ing kids movie, what do u suppose should be in it, a bloodbath?? hint hint nudge nudge, Seraph) it definitely succeeded. but what i thought was the best about this movie, is the cast, i mean, robert deniro was a brilliant addition, so was angelina jolie. will smith was just being himself, and it turned out just fine. i laughed my ass off on this one, it was definitely worth my time, and what for the ending, it was so apparently created on purpose, with singing and everything, again, for the children. its a children's movie, for crying out loud. how can ppl hold it against the movie? okay, here's an alternative ending: lenny suddenly quits being a vegetarian and eats everyone in the movie. im sure ur kids would love that. or if oscar keeps living a lie and never gets busted, im sure ur kids would learn alot. or lino turns gay and sodomizes everyone, including lenny, im sure that would have been real original, but i doubt it would be politically correct. okay, long story short, i thought the movie was really funny and while it could have been done differently, im satisfied with the way it turned out. so thats a big yes to watching it.
1|22537|Another Tim Burton mess. The thing that amazes me about all the recent Batman movies is that the main character is the villain. In this case the Joker played by Jack! The movie is so dark and the casting of Michael Keaton still boggles the mind. I found it to be very disappointing.
1|24152|Boring!
1|20334|This movie was the worst movie ever!!! It shouldn't really even be included in the Halloween Michael Myers series. This movie didn't make any sense what so ever.
5|8500|The first installment of five from Kevin Smith's View Askew series ( Clerks , Mallrats , Chasing Amy , Dogma and Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back ), and though the character development is a bit dry (dialog written as if for only one person), the dialog itself is BRILLIANT and hysterical! Definately not for young children. The movie was shot in black white, and it's low-budget, but it was a good movie. Definately a great introduction to the View Askew series.
5|12117|very innovative
5|13209|My 3rd favorite movie of all time. A timeless classic. -Scarface 
1|4873|Quite simply, I hated this movie. Dustin Hoffman's scenery-chewing Captain Hook was annoying, and Robin Williams gets unintentional laughs as Peter Pan, running around in that ridiculous outfit. The lost boys are a bunch of little brats and heathens who need their behinds thrashed, and even Julia Roberts' usual charm wore thin as Tinkerbell. This is definitely one of Steven Spielberg's lesser efforts.
5|9178|One of the quirkiest movies! Awesome story! And good to see Diaz in a different role, ie not some ditzy blonde who gets all the guys! John Malkovich was great! Loved the scenes inside Malkovich's subconscious!! 
5|1524|I love all the Lethal Weapon films and although this one is not my favorite of the series, I still thought that is was a great film. It combined drama and action perfectly, and we can truly get inside the character's heads and understand their emotions. Mel Gibson does a wonderful job of portraying Riggs's eccentric, somewhat troubled personality to the audience. Danny Glover is perfectly cast as the grouchy Murtaugh who has his own insecurities about his age. The chemistry that Glover and Gibson share is simply amazing and it really perfected the film. And boy, what a creepy performance by Gary Busey. Then again, I guess it's not hard for him to take on creepy roles. In the final analysis, Lethal Weapon is definately one worth watching, and be sure to catch the rest of the films as well.
1|24634|This movie was horrible. They took out all the interesting and freaky parts that were in the original. They seemed to be more interested in fighting scenes and chases than any of the subtle freaky parts that were in the first movie. The humans spoke English .. which I found weird. Mark Wahlberg . . .although may be nice to look at . . is a horrible actor. He was not convincing at all. . .especially in his uplifting speech to the humans! Save your money . . watch the original when it comes on TV again.
5|5742|Anytime I see a black bird of any type sitting on a fence or an electrical line, I run !
5|13547|what can i say, i loved this movie. words cannot describe how good this movie was. this movie acually changed the way i thought, the way i viewed life. amazing performances by the entire cast, best ensamble cast scince magnolia. there are so many beautiful things about this movie, like ricky fitz's bag monolouge, it almost brings me to tears every time i hear it, or kevin spacy's monolouge at the end of the movie. here is a movie that everyone can relate to, in one way or another, a movie about humans and finding that which was once lost, life. its about living again, and its not to late. people say that the end is too depressing but its not depressing at all. the ending of this movie is...beautiful. this is one of the best, if not the best film ever produced. it deserves best picture. a must see. sometimes theres so much beauty in the world......
5|22942|A classic. The use of colors is especially inspired. A more warped and decadent view of society is hard to come by.
5|6263|I've only seen a few Katharine Hepburn films and this by far is my favorite! She is so much fun and she moves quickly from scene to scene it never gets dull. Cary Grant is also great. His forte was totally the screwball comedy.
5|12881|The best movie that has been made in my lifetime! A masterpiece.
5|23484|Heck, this is a pretty good one, very entertaining and thought provoking.
5|15136|Tremendous flick. Just love it.
5|11350|This movie was great! A great flick for teens!
5|21293|Worth another look. An early Brian DePalma flop that is a great little early 70's period piece. The Faust saga told as if it were Phil Specter who sold his soul. And Paul Williams' (remember him?) greatest moment on the silver screen.
5|17721|This movie scared the hell out of me. Seriously.
5|10728|This movie was excellent in portraying post-traumatic stress disorder. The performances were great and the twist at the end was entertaining (with Chris Rock). The DVD is great with all the extras. The commentary is very helpful and makes the movie even better when you understand the meanings behind everything.
5|4312|Apparently the people that rated this movie 1 star...had NEVER seen the movie. It is brilliant!!!
1|3852|how is this getting 2 stars!? Movies like this are why there should be a ZERO rating on this site! What the hell was that, exactly? Jet Li, fire your agent NOW!!! DMX.... well, good for you, you got in another movie. Now go away.
5|9636|Comedic entertainment at its best. And just talking about scenes from the movie can be every bit as fun and hilarious as watching it.
5|6505|Quite probably the best movie ever made. Kirk Douglas and Adolphe Menjou were never better, or nearly as good, while Kubrick's relentless pacing keeps one riveted to the gripping story which highlights the venality of war.
1|20308|You may not find this review helpful, but all I can say is this film was the biggest insult to a film lover ever. It shouldn't have been, since it was the most contrived slasher movie I have ever seen, but still, its stupidity makes you feel good about yourself, and bad about Hollywood, and the human race.
5|13235|Phenomenal movie that never gets old.
5|6511|One of the top 2 or 3 war films of all time.
1|8913|This movie is just a rip off of an old French film called Le Cauge Aux Follies.
5|18360|i espesially liked the part where the headless horseman cut that guy in half under the covered bridge
5|3469|One heck of a movie. The 'sequel' to The Fugitive is better than its predecessor. It stars , once again, Tommy Lee Jones as the foul mooded U.S. Marshall, this time chasing Wesley Snipes. The action is better than the first with some great chase scenes. A definite thriller for those in for some action. One word of caution - this is probly not for kids, as their is plenty of profanity and some gory violence scenes.
5|4306|Good movie with great animation. Good moral. Great vocal performances by Mike Myers and Eddie Murphy.
5|20827|With me working at my local cinema, i must say that this film has been the most enjoyable one to view. I first thought that this, as a musical, would be dry and only apealing to the fans who had seen the west-end verison, but i was proved wrong as the whole film was extreamly entertaining! The plot wasnt outstanding but the singing and acting abilties of the performers was brilliant. The bright and up-beat songs kept the whole audience in awe and the costumes were just perfect. I personaly love this movie...its definatly one to sing along to! It isnt for the younger audience but for teen-agers and above its a great film to watch and is a much wanted release from the serious and dominating movies this year.
5|18406|This was also a great movie. It was kind of bad acting but the thought behind the movie was good. They went too far with Pet Sematary 2.
5|13553|Out of all the films I have seen in my life none have ever touched me so deeply and intimatly as American Beauty. This film is my favorite film. I'm not just saying that, it actually changed how I saw things. I related most to Ricky Fitz the young man living next door to the Burnums. The honesty and gorgeouse story are only out shined by the powerful performances given by the best ensemble cast since Magnolia. Everytime Ricky gives the speech on all the beauty in the world I cry. It is so touching and so personal,I cannot see how people cannot be moved by its simple and never before touched message.I am glad this last best picture of the year of this decade was American Beauty. It was the perfect sumation of American life and our new found spirituality. I will always hold this film high as one of the best if not the best ever produced.It will always be in my heart. Sometimes...there's so much beauty...in this world...
5|6277|Everybody remembers the famous line badges? we don't need no stinking badges . The lesson, of course, is that greed is never good, and will wind up causing you to lose everything, and that's exactly what happens. Not a completely satisfying ending, but I guess it had to be that way to get the point across.
5|22956|I didn't think much of the planet of the apes by looking at it until I watched the this flick for the first time at a friends house. Excellent story line, far ahead of it's time.
5|1518|i love these movies. gibson and glover are perfectly paired. alot of action with a little humor makes them fun to watch
5|12895|SUPERB! A life affirming movie with a message of hope and redemption. Morgan Freeman and Tim Robins as well as a fabulous supporting cast make this a movie that will endure.
5|22765|very good. I would recomend it to anybody. Check it out. 
5|7182|National Lampoon movies are really great. This 1st movie about the Griswald family vacation was so hilarious ... not as good as Mational Lampoon's European Vacation though.
1|17229|I thought it was a parody myself.
5|20172|Excellent horror comedy.
5|5795|Call me a sucker for films that take place within an enclosed environment, because this film, along with many others of its kind, is one of my absolute favorite movies. Fueled with emotion and running primarily on the performances of the actors, Twelve Angry Men is an excellent example of the many different fascettes of the human condition. A coincidence is possible, no matter how fantastic, and this film proves it.
1|8046|My mom forced me to watch this. I was so bored, I fell asleep. Nothing really happens. I didn't get more than 1 laugh in.
5|3482|I loved the scenes in the movie. Teri Hatcher made a very hot Bond girl. This was one of my favorite Bond films.
1|12437|What a stupid idea for a movie.
1|5204|Horrible movie for a very overrated kids game. It might as well have been in French.
5|1295|Loved this movie. I like this director. I love the twists in this movie.
5|24472|Intriguing, thought-provoking, philosophical
5|22003|No more ryming and I mean it. Anybody want a peanut. 
5|9811|What an underrated movie. Michael Douglas and Annette Benning are both perfectly cast as the president and his girlfriend. And, the script is so well written. I heard that when Aaron Sorkin first wrote the script, the movie would have run about 3 hours or so. Well, he cut it down in all of the right spots. It is funny with several laugh out loud parts and is intelligently written. This also isn't a typical romantic comedy and appeals to men as much as women. It's on TNT about once a month, but do yourself a favor if you haven't seen it. Spend the $4 bucks and rent it. It's that good.
5|7828|Jack Nicholson is crude but brilliant. This movie is more subtle than knee slapping or gut busting comedies. Even though you hate Jack's character, you've got to love him, too. Helen Hunt and Greg Kinnear are both fantastic, as is that cute little dog.
1|5210|A family movie for the most bored of families. Not a movie to watch or rent. Ben Kingsley should know better. The somewhat cool ship can't save this movie.
5|1281|Great film with great acting. Quentin Tarantino is awesome, as are John Travolta, Willis, Thurman, Jackson, Keitel. Rhames best film! Great cast. Very original script and format. Good cinematography.
5|15863|The best film of 1999! Charming, moving, and beautiful. It has all the things that most films of 1999 are missing.
1|3661|CRAP
5|9805|Michael Douglas was great. This is an excellent movie.
1|1076|Yuck!!!! I hated this movie!! It wasn't funny at all. It was horrible. This movie is extremely over-rated. Not appealing at all.
5|2788|one of the best movies i've ever seen! I loved it. it's like the matrix and james bond mixed, but with girls.
5|17912|Anyone who rated this a 1, does not understand the concept of good vs. evil to a human standpoint. A little girl isn't a monster or even a demon. She is the FREAKING DEVIL HIMSELF!!! This is definetly the scariest movie of all time. I can't watch it by myself to this day.
1|8052|I don,t know what all the good press was about! This movie was boring and definetly not funny!
5|5959|Hysterically funny. The kind of film that made Hollywood Hollywood. Tony Curtis looked so at ease in a dress and pumps.
5|7196|A must own classic that I never get tired of. The devil and angel on fighting over whether or not he should have sex with the girl is absolutely hilarious. Crude humor at it's best.
1|15402|poo
1|1738|Boring, depressing and very confusing.
1|24807|This is the most horrid POS I've ever witnessed in my life. I'll sum up it's stupidity in one sentence. Cavemen flying 1000 year old harrier jets. interested? watch it to see how bad it is.
5|5971|Marilyn Monroe's best performance
5|24328|One of my all time favourite movies, I would watch it over and over and over again. I love Sean Connery and was really pleased to find out that he did Alan Quartermain this time. Richard Chamberlain might have been able to pull it off, but not as well as Sean!
1|4898|It's horrible the animated version is awesome but, this is terrible imtatiaon THE ANIMATED VERSION RULES!! THIS ONE SUCKS!! 
5|22981|# 2 on my list. Everyone else's more positive comments pretty much cover what I have to say for this movie.
5|12842|Award-worthy documentary of the dance movements clowning and krumping, with both presented as alternatives to gangbanging. Moviegoers are drawn into the lives of individual dancers, including Tommy the Clown who started it all. Music and butt-popping dancing throughout, with the highlight being a large arena competition. If offensive language bothers you, it's mostly at the beginning and not gratuitous. If Christianity bothers you, it's mostly at the end and also not gratuitous. Inspirational (Rize) without being sugar-coated; plenty of cause for both laughing and crying. Hopefully, some grant $ and job offers will come out of this...and understanding and hope.
1|11664|It was a peice of crap movie with that weird anemic looking kid- who im sure was a dork in high school.
1|3649|It seems times not the only thing this film ran out of
5|15693|This is a wonderfully crafted film. The imagery is amazing, brilliant colors are used in a way to convey feelings in the heaven scene, and then dark colors for hell are used to convey that. The story is profound and invokes thought. Robin Williams does a good acting job.
5|36|By far the greatest no-nonsense action movie ever created. I saw this movie the summer before my first-grade year--I have been fascinated with Archaeology ever since (I even studied it in college). This movie looks as good 22 years later as half the action movies filmed today.
1|6725|Another classic awful movie with James Dean, thankful that he only made three movies, boring stuff with cigs....
5|22|Who can compete with it it's a classic I love it how he was scared of snakes.
5|7814|This is an awesome movie! In fact I watched it today and laughed my head off. What a wonderful team Matthau and Lemmon make. I will miss their work trememdously.
5|14599|The movie was very cultural as itt showed an aspect of African American society. The plot was well directed.
5|23335|The protagonist is a Christ-like figure of incalculable power who comes to Earth to alert us to the dangers of war . . .
5|9839|a classic
5|8299|possibly Kevin Smith's best movie. he finally had the budget and the means to do something big. The camoes are great and teh story is pretty good. George Carlin as a Bishop was pretty funny, and Jay and Silent Bo never fail to amuse. The star of this movie, i think, Is Alan Rickman. His dry performance and his sarcasm and lack of patience make this movie a whole lot funnier than if he wasn't there. Jasone Lee is great, too. This is an attack on religion, or at least the fickleness of orgainzed religion, so i wouldn't recommend it to people who hold strong views. However, as a catholic, i wasn;'t offended in the least. Though this movie is very funny, it is also very thought provoking.
5|9187|One of the most twisted, funny movies out there, this film shows off the talent of director Spike Jonze in so many ways. The first scene grabs you and you question how silly this movie is. Just when you think it can't get anymore outrageous, the next scene blows you out of your seat with squeals of delight.
5|727|Awesome movie! Harrison Ford and Tommy Lee Jones were great!
1|24813|Astonishing. Seldom has so much time, talent, energy and money in such a triumphantly atrocious piece of dog excrement. Has to be seen to be believed.
5|11387|My best film of all time Adam Sandler is one of the best actors i have ever seen without him this film would have been nothing.and i dont care if any one says this film dosent deserve the hipe it got it's still the best
5|10106|This movie was hilarious. The actors worked well together and fit their parts.
5|19644|The special effects and plot had me hooked, and it spawned a huge interest in sanitariums/asylums for me. The ending wasn't all that great. I heard this movie is a remake, and Vincent Price was in the original? I dunno about that.
5|7035|A cult fave, Ferris... is funny as hell and full of great banter. Root against the pigs! Relive high school! Compare and contrast with Broderick in Election ! A must see- Twist Shout, anyone?
5|14360|Never has a film moved me so. I watched in awe the whole time. But the thing is, storyline=very average. Characters=so-so. But the filmmaking...f*ckin unreal. I would kiss the ground this director pisses on.
5|1444|not as good as Pulp Fiction but thats an unfair compaison. Kill Bill has an amazing story line and has many original parts(anime and the black and white fighting scenes). I understand that the blood seemed fake but thats missing the point of the movie. For those who love blood and guts, HIGHLY RECOMMENED
5|9018|2 dollars 
5|14406|This movie is definately in my top 5 greatest movies of all time. The whole cast was brilliant, and the movie was so believable. You laugh, you cry, and you just leave the movie feeling like you saw something worthwhile. I would definately recommend this coming of age movie to everyone. As always, John Hughes scores again ! A wonderful director with so much talent.
5|1322|KB PT 2 was great. But not as great as PT 1, which I put in my all-time Top-10. The first had a bit more action (The Bride's battle with the Crazy 88s was the greatest fight scene I ever scene in cinema). Further, the music was far superior. I did not think it was possible, but there was a 3-minute stretch where my eyelids started to get a bit heavy. On the positive side, the blood and cursing in Part 1 was a bit over the top; I actually think I could get my wife to see part 2. I also loked the film noir treatment in Part 2. Finally, I have always admired David Carradine and he does not disappoint. One thing I'll say, Uma Thurman was impressive both in acting and her mastery of the martial arts. Can you imagine Julia Roberts as the Bride (I can't do that. Where's my cigarettes???!!) Ms. Thurman deserves an Oscar Nomination. Is Ethan Hawke out of his gourd to fool around on her. Kill Bill 1 and 2 were great cinema. Loved it!!!!
5|15718|This may have been the best movie that I have seen in the last three years. Superb acting, a gripping storyline, outstanding cinematography - and the uncomfortable knowledge that yes, this IS a true story, and yes, big tobacco IS that powerful. This movie made me think about so many things - how critical it is to have freedom of the press, how corrupting profits can be, and how hard it is to be a hero. Russell Crowe and Al Pacino were excellent, and Christopher Plummer did a great job as Mike Wallace. Great flick.
5|8460|This movie was so funny! I can't stop laughing every time I see it! Mini-Mi is so cute! You gotta love Dr. Evil and Scott Evil is drop-dead gorgeous. One of my favorite movies of all time.
5|19122|I love this one and the seconed one to great plot a black batman.
1|12580|I was bored, looking for a quick laugh. I didn't find any laughs with this movie. Recycled plots, poor direction. And the cinema had a 15 minute rule. If you walk out in the first 15 minutes you get your money back. I didn't know this. I walked out after about 20 minutes of this movie. Don't waste your time or money with the Kranks... 
5|10660|Kevin Smith is just wonderful. The Jersey Triology is awesome. Excitement, Adventure. Jedi craves not these things.!!!
5|19136|This movie was hella cool. The fight scenes were tight, but the storyline was kind of dumb.
1|23991|WHAT THE HELL IS THIS CRAP?????
5|10674|ADAM SANDLER ROX
5|6459|Next to Citizen Kane this is Orson Welles other great film, but more fun to watch. Welles is spectacular as the corrupt overweight cop. Charles Heston is not convincing as a Mexican narcotics agent but its kind of funny to see him look like one. Janet Leigh is really good as his wife and makes her first encounter to a nervous motel manager(played brilliantly by Dennis Weaver) Joseph Cotten and Marlena Dietrich make amusing cameos. Classic film noir.
5|1336|Bloody, violent, and funny all at the same time. Has a good soundtrack too. Favorite scene: the infamous ear cutting scene. You'll never think of Stuck In The Middle With You the same way again after seeing it.
5|7747|This satire about nuclear war is Stanley Kubrick's best film. It was made in 1964, before he went crazy and made A Clockwork Orange in 1971. Peter Seller's performance is what makes this movie, and George C. Scott is pretty good too. Not only is it Kubick's best film, it is also, in my opinion, the best film of the sixties, and the best comedy ever.
5|7021|This movie has been on my A list for years. The plot is hilarious, and this being one of Matthew Broderick's earlier works, he is able to pull off a boyish version of cool that has not been well duplicated since. Jeffery Jones plays the unfortunate principal well, and he is supported well. The unrealistic happenings are well balanced by inevitable consequences which happen off screen, and eventually, the characters begin to grow up. I laughed a good deal.
5|14374|It is really great to see a movie that doesn't cop out at the end. Requiem For a Dream played at my local art theater (for far too short of a run)for about a week. I saw it twice. The first time I was completely blown away. I don't remember being so disturbed by a film. I loved it. Ellen Burstyn should get more than an oscar nomination. I can't remember when all of the aspects of film making came together so well as w/ the ending of that film. Selby is a great writer. I can't imagine his words being put into film more effectively. Wish I could see it again for the first time!
5|1450|Both Volume 1 and 2 are great!
5|10112|This movie was great. The movie was about three people who were best friends when they were younger. One became a priest, one a rabbi, and the girl fell in love with one of them at the same time when the other guy fell in love with her. A love triangle formed between the three characters.
5|5636|this provocative, thought inspiring, classic hitchcock sees james stewart at his best and grace kelly as lovely as ever
5|3247|Pierce Bronsan rocks! He is a great James Bond and this movie (storyline) is intense. The 'toys' are awesome (speedboat) and the Bond woman are (as always) well cast with a funny play on words (Chritmas Jones).
5|16563|I really liked this movie because it depicted the life of a woman who you can be angry with, but also pity. Beverly (Drew Barrymore) isn't too intelligent. She's dumb and naive and falls in love too easily. But then she gets pregnant and is forced to marry a Junkie and the crazy adventures of her life begin! Beverly starts off as a ignorant, heavily lacking in the brains department type of girl, then comes out as a woman who made her own success. 
5|874|Great movie! I love a movie that keeps you on your toes and you have no idea of what is really going to happen!
1|3098|Bad, bad, bad, really, really really bad. I think 20 minutes was just close ups of Bruce Willis making Bruce Willis faces. BLah.
5|7009|Loved It! I watch it probably a couple times a year.
5|15042|I thought this movie was very strong. Given that it was a true story makes it even better. Angelina Jolie was very strong as an actress.
5|9024|I LOVE this movie! A great teen film about love and skiing and trying to kill yourself.
5|6317|A lovely heart-warming story.
5|22836|I would have preferred the film to be twice as long, but all in all the cuts are justified - especially as far as the weakest part of the book, i.e. the first few chapters (too kitsch) are concerned. The casting is excellent - Coltrane as Hagrid is ideal, for instance - in spite of the tendency to choose actors and (in the case of Emma Watson as Hermione, at least) actresses which are too good-looking. A particularly glaring case ist the casting of Alan Rickman as Severus Snape. Now, I am not the kind of persons who gets crushes on actors, but still... In all four volumes Snape is decribed as positively revolting - not just ugly but quite unappetizing. References to his greasy hair abound. Now, I suppose the make-up people could have provided Alan Rickman with sallow skin and an abnormally long nose but they certainly didn't. So why did Rowling choose him, anyway, as I understand she did? Because of the silky voice in which Snape proffers his sarcastic comments? Or because she realized that, as P.G.Wodehouse put it in Pigs have Wings , nothing is quite as scary as a dressy assassin? Or has she changed her mind about Snape? Anyway, the new and improved (beyond all recognition, in fact) Snape is extremely convincing as well as elegant, in an austere kind of way. I hope that if Rowling kills him off (and I have the sneaking suspicion that she will, eventually) she will at least wait until the end of the last volume.
5|2171|One of the Top Five "good bad" movies ever made. Starts mysteriously, and ends the same way. Certainly one of Kurt Russell's better-known roles (which he may only sheepishly acknowledge), playing the fun-loving, hard-charging long-haul trucker Jack Burton better than anyone else could've (although you'd swear he was channeling John Wayne from the first frame). Carpenter was given the chance to do something unique, and he succeeded on all fronts with this picture; lots of action, intrigue, comedy, special effects, and an unknown (in America, anyway) line-up of international martial artists at their best. Mr. David Lo Pan might just be one of the all-time best villains (with Egg Shen playing his "Sherlock"). Sprinkle in Kim Cattrall (at her Kim Cattrall-iest) as Jack's confounding love interest, and this is one that can't miss. Not exactly Tolstoy, but it doesn't pretend to be anything other than what it is: a fast-and-furious detour through a maze of mystic mayhem!
5|684|one of Stanley Kubrick's best films
1|24768|Garbage!!! What in the hell was the producers thinking!!! Horrible!!!
5|11224|I'm so excited because I am the one giving the first opinion for this movie!...Well you can tell I liked the movie..in fact I loved it..it was very funny and more of a chick flick so most guys wouldn't understand! But i advise you to go see it!
5|4266|One of the best Disney animation movies every made. One the bestchildrens movies every!
5|20947|A great and funny movie.
5|21481|This movie is another of the great movies of all times. It creates a modern mythology while never losing sense of 'story'.
5|3509|really good movie, vin diesel is a babe....the cars were on fire and the races were even better....so much better than real life
5|10884|I love this movie almost as much as Ron Burgandy loves scotch! If you are into the 'Zoolander' and 'Old School' type of comedy, this one is a must see! My friends and I have already began to quote our favorite lines. Although Ferrell hit home with this movie, it was Steve Carrell who kept me laughing. Go get your tickets NOW!!
5|22188|Sick flick with hella special effects. Keanu Reeves deserved best actor while the hot chick from Threesome also did a stellar job.
5|13341|Best war movie of all time. Others were good, but this one was great. The story was a little bit silly(having to save the brother), but the movie was masterfully done. Plus, as far as I know, this is the only time Tom Hanks has ever died on camera.
5|6465|One of the most unique and entertaining films on the 1950s. Orson Welles' unorthodox and bizarre film noir deals with controversial subjects like narcotics and corruption. The films works despite Charlton Heston's terrible performance as Mike Vargas, the Mexican (!) narcotics agent who gets mixed up in an investigation into a terrorist bombing. Janet Leigh plays Susan, his American wife, who is resting in a remote hotel until she is terrorized by a Mexican gang. Welles gives a superb performance as respected but corrupt Texas cop Hank Quinlan. Welles' screenplay is based on a previously shelved screenplay, which was based on the pulp novel Badge of Evil (1956), which Welles never read. But the film's success lies mostly in its unique editing, stark lighting and sweeping photography. Set in a U.S./Mexican border town, the film's unique visual style is one that has rarely been seen since its release in 1958.
5|15730|A disturbing and important film for adults to see. Based on a true life experience of corporate America. Don't miss this one!
5|8448|I really liked this movie. Mike Myers did an awesome job! This movie was sheer brilliance.
5|16239|This is my favorite movie. Everything about it is great. It's got a very classy storyline. It is the story of the most perfect acoustic instrument ever created, as it touches the lives of hundreds of people on 3 different continents. From Italy, to Vienna, to Oxford, to China, to an auction in Montreal, this violin and its secret astonish and seduce everyone, including the viewer.
5|21495|This is the best movie ever made! It was original, yet it contained mistakes and mishaps that make it all the more human. The research into myths and humans must have been exhausting. This is the best movie of all time.
5|18214|Alright, alright, alright! I think if I hear one more person say that Tomas Hewitt or Leatherface was real, or that this excellent movie was based on some maniac in Texas I am gonna go on a chainsaw wielding massacre myself. Here s the low down, kids Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Psycho, and a dozen other of our favorite horror movies are almost purely Ed Gein. Don t believe me? You don t have to read the excellent book Deviant , which chronicles Ed Gein s ghastly deeds, and not to be a jerk Aurielle, but it was never, ever proven that Ed Gein ate any of his victims in any way shape or form, he did however, wear their skin, just like our huge buddy Leatherface (but you are right about him only actually killing two people. The dozens of others were already dead). The Texas Chainsaw Massacre is purely imagination mixed with headlines taken from Ed Gein stories. But don t take my word for it I dare you to find a SINGLE newspaper clipping or report of some crazed mass murderer from Texas chopping up anyone in the last 60 years. However, it s VERY easy to find loads of information on Ed Gein, and even more info on how his disgusting acts turned into pop fiction horror movies. That fact alone is enough for me. I m not saying it s impossible that some nut hacked up some kids with a chainsaw in Texas, but if it happened, this movie sure as hell ain t based on it. And the whole Based on a True Story thing? It s a marketing tool, guys. If the kids think this stuff really happened, maybe it ll fill more seats in the theaters, and oh look, it usually does. But anyway, in closing, I loved this movie and although I didn t find it the least bit scary, I did find it disturbing, moving, and even sad (the engagement ring thing... ouch...) which is better in my opinion. The ending seemed very abrupt and left me with some unresolved tensions, but all in all, it was terrific. But the really scary thing was how ungodly beautiful Jessica Biel looked in those blue jeans and that cowboy hat. Who s with me? 
5|2603|A very good movie. It shows the mind of a killer and how he became like that and acts the way he does points to childhood. The movie could help society see what murderers and serial killers go through in life to become like that. It showed thaa everyone has innocence and how family affects the way you act and think.
1|14867|A phony movie from top to bottom! True story of racism DISNEYFIED. (I have yet to see a group of people break out in song) A waste of time. 
5|17641|I love that this flick was done with a budget of about what I have in my wallet right now. Gratuitous violence galore but its also got some real comic gems -- especially if you speak a little border spanglish. Azul rules, baby!
5|690|Great movie. Really suspensing and a classic.
5|2165|Brilliantly written, acted and directed. I think this is one the best movies made in the last decade, let alone action movies.
5|848|This movie was the best of all times. It kept me on my toes the whole movie. The actors were great and amusing, especially the boy.
5|12739|Worth seeing. The Enron story is an unbelievable story of greed - not just by the Skillings and Lays, but by their bankers, lawyers, accountants, customers, investors, and traders. There was so much cash being thrown off by the stock's meteoric rise, that everybody involved was content to take their place at the trough, and ignore their ethics. I was blown away by the price California paid for Enron's greed. Having lived through the rolling blackouts a couple of years ago, I had always found it extremely strange that the State would suddenly run out of power, especially in the winter. Well it turns out, a desperate Enron was driving its traders to convince power station operators to shut down, in order to drive the price of electricity up. Enron would profit from the increased prices, and more lucratively, gamble that the price of electricity would go up. These profits allowed Enron to maintain the facade of a financially healthy company. In California, businesses were being shut down, cars were crashing when streetlights went down, and the fifth largest economy in the world would be crippled for hours on end. And all so Enron could line their pockets. Governor Gray Davis plead to the Feds for help in regulating the price of energy. Unfortunately for California, George W. Bush is/was a close family friend of Lay, and even was recorded taping a birthday video for Skilling, and no help was forthcoming. (to be fair, the Fed position was that this was a California issue, but the obvious conflict of interest made my stomach turn.) Stunning sequences in this movie of Gray Davis questioning how half the states power plants could be down for maintenance at the same time, set against taped Enron trader calls to the power plants, saying that they need to find a reason to shut down for a little while. It's an ugly story, and tragic as well - the movie begins and ends with the suicide of one of Enron's beloved executives, not to mention the galling video clip of a laughing Skilling imploring his employees to put their entire 401K's in Enron stock. While the movie is a little heavy handed, it makes for compelling viewing. 
5|14348|Great Film.
5|13427|This is my favorite movie by far. It's SO funny and touching at the same time. Tom Hanks gives a performance of a life time.
5|6303|My Fair Lady- Audrey again at her finest. She was the cutest in this film.
1|2379|I walked out on it. I guess I'm just not into Jodie Foster's latest movies.
1|3067|stupidest.movie.ever, the people who made this movie should have their balls chopped off and be thrown in the ocean.
1|21837|This gets a one because it isnt out yet, and the annoying cultish Hobbit lovers have already started to rate it.
5|22611|First of all, let me start by stating that I have followed the Marvel Comic's X-Men for quite awhile. I think the movie was excellent. All though some of the characters could have been introduced and expounded on... (such as Storm)... the over all casting was terrific! I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone with any interests in a good flic!! I am eagerly awaiting a sequel!!
5|19687|Van Helsing was sexy. Dracula was sexy. Mr. Hyde was vaguely familiar. This was a good movie.
1|24797|Read the book, this movie is lacking the entire story line, it sucks. The books are truly great.
5|5839|A brilliant film... the textbook on poetic imagery. Certainly, and ironically, the greatest use uf cinematic expressionism in history, and brialliantly done on every level. Beautiful, mournful, and entrancing.
1|7201|National Lampoon movies are very rarely ever good. They resort to lowbrow humor which send many running from their VCR (I could never see a dumb movie like this making it to DVD). The acting stink and the jokes smell worse. Go away, bad movie!
5|17872|This is the scariest movie ever. Most people confuse being "terrified" with being "startled" --true terror is harder to accomplish while it is easy to startle someone with a sudden blast of music or something jumping out at you. The Exorcist made you think and there are subtle points in the movie that still haunt me years later. Two of the most terrifying scenes in the movie: Father Karras is in the room with "it" and hears a familiar voice say "can ya spare a quarter for an old altar boy father?" --it was the voice in the subway at the beginning of the movie when Karras was about to board the train. The other scene is when Karras enters the room and seems HIS DEAD MOTHER sitting there on the bed staring at him in the brightly lit room. Come on!!! No scene in Halloween comes even close to that stuff!!! The rest of the movies on this list are relatively simple-minded!
5|2830|GOOD.NUFF SAID.
5|22177|Absolute twist. Rollercoaster ride to sci-fi! Something that never ever been on screen! 
5|7948|Callmetootie is an idiot....Bill Murray is hilarious and groundhog day is a classic. I want some Flajacks. Too late for breakfast officer? 
5|23269|An outstanding movie - the effects really are superb. You see where Roddenberry got his ideas from. This is a must-see classic, w/ good double entendres, comedy, art direction, and solid acting. Even the synth score is interesting.
5|22163|Just amazing. Excellent use of imagery and camera work, wonderfully presented, above-average plot for a sci-fi movie, plenty of charisma and on-screen presence, excellent action, and entertaining script.
5|9971|This is a hilarious movie! Though not for the squeamish or those without a sense of humor for even questionable jokes about stereotypes. This is definitely the funniest movie I have ever seen.
1|20283|This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. There's nothing more here than a lot of violence and NO story. Worst of 2003.
5|17866|well, i seem to have missed a lot of it, because it was at a party, and there was a lava lamp next to the tv (very distracting!), but by the time he jumped at that driver guy w/ the ax, i was really into it, that's the only part in any movie that made me scream...
5|5805|This film has excellent cinematography and builds suspense. The characters are well developed and the film raises issues of justice and really makes the audience think about the details of the crime.
5|16588|Denzel can play just about any role. At first you would believe Denzel is just a rough good cop, but he can is really a crooked cop that takes a first day rookie for a hell of a joy ride. Great MOvie!
5|17696|This is a great vampire cult classic. I highly recommend this movie to all. If isnt wasnt for the high budget Lost Boys, this would have been the scary movie of the year. Bar Scene is unreal. Paxton is great.
1|12219|Ignorance.Anyone who wastes money even renting this movie should do a serious mental evaluation.
5|12936| THANK YOU! FINALLY! A deep meaningful movie aimed at the men! This movie opened my eyes in more ways than I could possibly express in this review. It teaches you the imortant lessons of love, friendship, kindness,perserverance, dreams and being non violent. This is a movie that had me tearing up at the idea of one man making such a large difference. This is one of the greater movies, I belive, ever made. 
5|12088|ya great movie
1|18734|I have seen some of this movie but it is just a rip-off of Halloween they tried to take the juicy eerie scary feeling of Halloween and add in a horrible story women nudity and blood and gore. So in other words do not waste youre time on this movie you are way way way way way way way way way more better of watching the extremley classic John Carpentetrs extremley scary movieHalloween.
5|13396|A superb film, Hanks is unforgettable. Direction from Zemeckis is brilliant. Sinise, Robin Wright and Sally Field are all excellent. Emotions run riot in this film, laughing, crying en masse.
1|11076|Quite possibly the most embarrassingly bad movie I ve ever seen. I didn t think Jim Carey could fall any farther down on my list of actors I least like to watch but darned if he didn t manage to do just that the other night when I tried to make it through this film. Not since Ishtar have I seen such a criminal waste of celluloid. I don t mind a little mindless bathroom humor once in awhile but not when it s this blatantly mindless and appears to be the sole purpose of the movie. Renee Zellwegger must cringe when she looks back on her decision to become involved in this abortion. I would even think Carey must flinch a little and with his record that s saying a lot.
5|7974|this movie is very cute, i like that a person can watch it at 10 or 20.
5|23255|I loved this movie as a child, and I still love it today. I find this to be a perfect scary movie for kids. It has enough moments to keep them gasping, without there being anything to really give them nightmares. The Skeksies (sp?) were very creepy, but the gelflings were neat enough to make up for it. The story was great, too. This is a must see if you have children, one of Henson's best!
5|121|Wow. I was blown away by this film. It's one of the greatest crime/thriller films ever made: the performances from Hopkins as Hannibal Lecter and Foster as Clarice Starling make it more the more haunting experience. Hopkins Lecter with his wide eyes and soft voice is chilling and frightening, the way it's directed, the absolutely BRILLIANT Oscar-winning script from Ted Tally, I bought this movie on VHS because it was so good. I highly recommend it, to everybody (over 16). Even if they get scared easy. Summary: A WELL-CRAFTED, FRIGHTENING, BUT GREAT EXPERIENCE. A BRILLIANT FILM. 
5|20984|THis is one of the best movies ever produced. It is a perfect love story and the cinematography is excellent. It has a great combination of talented actors and actresses. Dirty Dancing also has an amazing soundtrack. What's really great about this movie is that it can reach all audiences.
5|20748|The First time WENT to see the RHPS was on my 14th B-Day with my mom and 17yr old brother.. Damn was it AWSOME! I really didn't Dress up, but I wore eye shadow (Thanks to my 24 year old sister) I didn'y know what to say, but I still had a Great time.. 2 every one who hasn't seen it Live, I suggest you go out and see it.. U will love it.
5|135|This movie was great. The plot was the best I have ever seen. Other directors should follow this one.
5|20990|This movie is timeless! The charachters steal you heart every time. I don't think there is a love story that has been made since Dirty Dancing that is tasteful enough to share with you sixth grader! I often wonder what happened to Baby and her first love!
1|3729|This actually made my hair hurt! Invest your ticket money in Budweiser and listen to the frogs.
5|13382| Forrest Gump has always been one of my favorite movies, and I'm sure that 25 years from now, people will still be watching it, laughing and crying along with Forrest. I thought Tom Hanks was at his best here. His acting in this film, or any other for that matter, is so believable and intense. Never have so many subplots been fit into the big picture so perfectly. I really enjoyed seeing history through the eyes of a man who just sees things as they are and doesn't provide an opinionated slant one way or another. I thought that his analysis on JFK was simple and actually sort of funny in the way that he said it: Somebody shot that man while he riding in his car. His meeting with both JFK and LBJ was hilarious.... I got shot in the butt... . His love for Jenny makes for compelling drama, and his friendshp with Bubba (obsessed with shrimp) makes for some funny moments and some sad ones as well. He goes on to run across country, run a shrimp business, play football, and do anything imaginable despite having a low IQ. I loved how Forrest was so down to earth and nothing mattered to him but making those around him happy and honoring their memory when they died (Momma, Bubba and Jenny). A great performance by Sally Field as Forrest's Momma. Never before have I seen a movie that brought out all of the audience's emotions so well. This film is a classic!
5|12922|As much as i do not like Tim Robbins i must say that this is the masterpiece of his career so far. This movies could have been another jail-break film but Tim and Morgan Freeman ( and the rest of the cast of inmates and officers) carry the weight of the drama with deep passion to the point in which you actually feel pity for the prision men. The scene where Tim finally reaches freedom is a powerfull and memorable one and the kind you have to rewind over and over.
5|23527|Blew me away. Bravo.
5|15095|This movie was very intense..I can see why it was nimonated, but didn't win-too scary for the academy. I thought Kath-Z.Jones-Douglas was quite wonderful-I honestly thought she was a good guy ..
5|17682|GONG LI IS SEXY IN THE SEXY MOVIE OF ALL TIMES. GREAT MOVIE. I, CHAIRMAN YI-YI LOVE THIS MOVIE DEARLY.
5|5346|Great book, great movie. The cast is superb, especially Gregory Peck.
1|12782|Christopher Hitchens (a lefty, former editor of The Nation, who is redeemed by being intellectual honest) had the best review of this film: Fahrenheit 9/11 is a sinister exercise in moral frivolity, crudely disguised as an exercise in seriousness. It is also a spectacle of abject political cowardice masking itself as a demonstration of 'dissenting' bravery. Read the whole review at http://slate.msn.com/id/2102723/ 
5|2429|i love this one !
5|16013|One of the best and most touching, cathartic movies I have seen in years. When I say touching I don't mean smarmy. Some moments are painful to watch. But this movie is hugely rewarding. I don't want to give away anything about the plot. Just see this!
1|24230|3 fight scenes?I am sorely disappointed in Ang Lee.The fight scenes were perfect,but too few.Story really lacked considering more than three quarters of the movie focuses on it.
5|4058|One of the funniest movies of all time, Toy Story 2 start and ends with a bang. Tons of references to movies and TV, slapstick, dialogue, visual gags, double meanings and the best CGI around come together to form this great film. And, let us not forget the always-uprorarious outtakes!!
5|6897|Incredibly funny movie, with a spectrum of humor from lowbrow slapstick to witty parody. The I speak jive, I like my coffee black like my men, Kareem Abdul Jabbar, and the crazy dude in the control tower are just a few of many gems of priceless comedy. For continuous laughs, few movies trump Airplane.
5|1120|Great movie for its time. Great quotes thrown out. Al is the best. I watched it everyday one Summer. A good gangster movie, especially after the Godfathers.
5|14604| Boyz is a classic. Cuba Gooding Jr. is great and Ice Cube is a great character surprisingly. It captured the attitude of the times and location while still having a sense of humor about the gangster society. The soundtrak is a good mix of oldies and new songs.
1|21348|The title, and the stars of this film are reason enough to stay away.
1|16282|Wait, so what is this movie about again? It had no plot, no good acting, no good traits for that matter yet... yet... it is still considered a movie because the US is infested with retarded Christians who keep babbling about Jesus? This was a petty excuse for a movie Mel.
5|6129|Eerie, suspensful, and slightly twisted. I love it!
5|14162|This story first appeared in Vanity Fair about two years ago, and at that time I was both saddened and intrigued at the life of Brandon Teena. The movie was very well done, the acting was excellent, and it touched upon a very relevent subjuect: the hatred and persecution of gay women.
5|12513|I was at first frustrated by the movie. I loved the breath-taking cinematography, the acting, the score, the subtle messages of confusion and the over all story but I did not feel a connection between Jack Twist and Ennis Del Mar. I did not understand why, when they were not consummating their relationship, they were distant; apart. I felt that this was a flaw in the movie that weaves in and out of a 20-year love affair. Then I realized the brilliance of this movie- it examines the relationship between two real men who are struggling with their own sexuality and identity while trying to express a pure love they do not understand. They simply don't know what to do with their with their intense feelings, except to express with child-like frolicking, fierce testosterone driven anger and fierce love-making (there are only two brief scenes so straight men can watch it easily). GO SEE THIS MOVIE for the subtle topics it tackles, love, loss, the blame society must take for robbing these beautiful creatures of their pure love, and for victimizing people who simply want to understand themselves and the one they want to love. This is by far a breathtaking masterpiece and the best movie of the year.
5|8104|julianne moore rules!!!
5|7237|love this movie its down to earth and very funny
1|23239|Horrible, thats all i have to say.
1|24556|This had to be one of the worst movies that i have ever sat through...I think the real old lost in Space television shows were better than this...How can someone like Tim Robbins (Shawshank Redemption) do a picture like this?
5|18758|All of the movie sequences of Freddy are very well put together. The plot continues from one movie to the next.
5|10304|This movie established Jim Carrey as one of the most hilarious and goofy guys of all time. This movie got me hooked on Jim Carrey and I remember all the kids trying to impersonate his craziness.
5|18994|Yet another spin on the whole origin of the vampire, yet a new history and a new take on the werewolf origin as well, but at least this one gives the werewolf story abetter beginning than the old and tired wolf bites human makes him a werewolf story. However, the new breed of werevamp is not my fav. I thought they pulled it off well, but surely they could have made him look better than that!! Altogether, I think this movie was great. We can't wait for Evolution!!! 
1|15947|This movie was so stupid and boring.
5|10310|This movie does get annoying but it makes up with all the lauphs. Jim carry is a great actor. Any charecter yoou give him, he'll make it work.
5|1652|I have to say i enjoyed Ang Lee's Mythical,expectation-confounding Chinese adventure immensely.Some thought the gravity-defying roof-top and tree-top sequences preposterous,(they do require suspension of disbelief but no more so than many Hollywood action movies where the hero narrowly avoids a multitude of bullets and bombs,defeating evil single-handedly),while some martial arts purists wanting a Bruce-Lee style demonstration may be disappointed.Crouching Tiger is not merely a martial arts movie;it's a slice of rich,magical romantic escapism,set in motion by the theft of a legendary sword.It brings together 2 of Asia's finest,Chow Yun Fat and Michelle Yeoh,both extremely engaging and suitably noble in their opposition to scheming witchcraft.The film opens out beautifully into the spectacular Chinese landscapes which have long inspired my imagination.Special effects,cinematography and camerawork are first-rate,while vivacious young Zhang Yiyi is a revelation.The distinguished British critic Gilbert Adair signed off his Sunday newspaper column,having fallen in love with her!I was glad to see such strong female characters in leading roles.The film pushed all the right buttons for me(if not for everyone):though i've seen numerous better or more meaningful foreign language films,the Oscar success was deserved.Anyone whose appetite for such martial arts adventures has been whetted may want to check out King Hu's extraordinary A Touch of Zen(1969),which fellow Taiwanese Ang Lee,among others,admires enormously.Of Far-Eastern films in general,i'd most strongly recommend the trio of quite awesome Japanese masterpieces,Sansho the Bailiff (Mizoguchi),Seven Samurai(Kurosawa)and Tokyo Story (Ozu).
5|8110|I can't get enough of this movie! It hasn't worn itself out or gotten dull! The humor is sharp and the characters are just so ridiculous! I love this movie!
5|12507|I'm glad this movie was made. It's a slice of real life whether you like it or not. Homosexuality has been around since the beginning of time--it's not going away folks. Instead of constantly persecuting these people, maybe it's time to try and understand them. I think this movie is a small step in the right direction. I think all the "Brokebutt" comments are so juvenile and ignorant. People need to grow-up. Maybe it's time we focus on more pressing issues that are really affecting society. I really have a problem with my tax dollars being used to raise the children of people who are too stupid or lazy to practice birth control.
5|7223|A very funny movie with two great actors on the front line in John Candy and Steve Martin.
5|12261|it was awesome- playing with a dead antelope- al I can say is- he's pure genious! lol
5|7545|Possibly the best movie Eddie Murphy ever made. Who wouldn't want to hang out with Billy Ray Valentine? Whisky... All you want! 
5|1134|Tony Montana is played by Al Pacino. A great gangster movie of all time. Killing people, drug abuse, etc.
5|14610|This movie is hella tight. Growing up in lower middle America you see this everyday- not to this extreme, but close enough. I love seeing good people in bad situations overcome. Good for Trey.
5|21873|Back to the Future is one of my favorite movies and has become an American classic. The obvious problems and conflicts that arise with traveling back in time from 1985 to 1955 become obvious in Back to the Future. That whole idea of time travel is captured well. This is probably Michael J. Fox's best performance. Marty McFly, what a character. Him singing Johnny B. Goode back in the '50s is awesome.
5|5352|A great book because it keeps your interest all the way through (kinda' like not having to put down the book). It deals with society's views about race and discrimination from a child's point of view.
5|10476|This was a really good movie. I loved it. It was original and really funny. It keeps you constantly laughing and so holds your attention right throughout the movie.
5|17319|Everytime it's onTV I have to watch it. Really immerses you into the lives and minds of the submariners of the Third Reich. Feels very realistic. A simple story very skillfully delivered.
5|19334|''''SCARYNESS''''
5|11768|Trey and Matt have struck gold once again. Now don't go into this one expecting Shakespeare or clean, wholesome, or otherwise safe family entertainment (yeah, you know who you are). Never in my life have I laughed so hard in a theatre, nor have I ever been to a movie that got such an overwhelming reaction of chestpain-inducing laughter from everyone in attendance. The audience reaction was so overwhelming that it was at difficult to hear the dialogue at times. Parker and Stone are right on the money in their criticisms of all sides of the war on terror: everything, from kneejerk patriotism to Hollywood's delusions that they can change the world with their acting and how the rest of the world gets caught in the crossfire. Their representation of Sean Penn's Iraq visit reminiscence is spot on. Just like South Park, this work is far more intelligent than meets the eye. Parker and Stone have further perfected their formula of taking a relatively serious issue, hitting it with a dash of clever political commentary, and then giving it a generous ladling of tacky sauce. It works every time. The peons who can't see past the bathroom humor and get to the meat of what these guys are trying to say should go back to their American Idols, their Bachelors, and their Apprentices.
5|14638|I think this was a really great movie, one of my favorites, I have seen it so many times I forgot how many times I have seen it. The dancing is sooo good, it makes me wish I could be a ballet dancer myself. And I agree with Circe, the guy who plays Charlie is very hott!! :)
5|8886|Great title to the movie, sounds like a porno. But seriously, the movie was fantastic. I think Brad Pitt is one of the most talented actor of his generation. Starts off kinda slow... just hang in there.
5|13157|In a Hollywood rarity, the sequel matches (if not surpasses) the original.
5|2415|There's some basic maths here Sexy totty + up the skirt shot = sure fire winner 
5|4064|This movie was better than the first. Woody gets kidnapped only to find out that he was the main star of Woody's Roundup He meets Jessie and the other characters from Woody's Roundup. Now he has to choose if he wants to be with his owner or his new friends. This movie also has great songs and a few take offs from movies like Star Wars.
5|17457|If you think that black white movies have no visual interest for you, think again and try this movie. The way the light shines trough the leaves on the trees is absolutely magic. The story of the movie is simple, or is it? You'll hear from different people and a ghost what occurred,and you will have to make up for yourself what happened. Great Japanese story. 
5|6115|Awesome movie! Incredibly entertaining.
5|13631|A very intense, chilling movie that exploits the racial issues that still exist far and throughout this great country of ours. As usual, Edward Norton, the charismatic actor that he is, gives us a brilliant performance as a brutal skinhead who when released from prison has finally seen the error of his ways. Talk about a brilliant character transformation. I thought that Norton and his working buddy in the prison did a wonderful job together. Also a great performance by the usually-annoying Edward Furlong. It truly is a shockingly blunt film with its language and exploitation of the brutal reality of racism. Racism offends me, but I still found this to be a very good movie, and I suggest that all Americans, whether you've been able to let go of racism or not, see this film.
5|6101|This sequel,in which Dr Frankenstein resuscitates the monster and creates a (less than enraptured)mate for him, is even better than the landmark original- a tirelessly inventive visual feast full of atmosphere,macabre wit,expressionist lighting,and spiced with a touch of poetry and pathos.It puts most modern horror films to shame.Incidentally,Boris Karloff,who played the monster,was a dignified,old-fashioned English gentleman,while the underrated director James Whale is portrayed in the recent,much admired Gods and Monsters .
1|21406|the best of the 4 !
5|13625|A very powerful movie. NOT for the young. It doesn't pull any punches when it comes to the way skinheads and the neo-Nazi's in the country spread their hate. This film is about a skinhead who goes to prison for killing a black guy. While in prison his younger brother gets involved with the skinheads. When he gets out of prison the older brother (Ed Norton) trys to get him away from that. He's been rehabilitated. I've watched it 3 times and the ending still gets to me. A must see for anyone over 14. I'd advise young people to see it with an adult, preferably their parent if they can. It's a pretty strong movie. Ed Norton has to be one of the best actors of our time. 
1|10803|A retarted piece of crap.
5|15254|Wow. I've seen this movie twice, but it never ceases to captivate me. I cry with him, I feel his hunger and his loss, I realize his fear. Adrien Brody was simply incredible in this role -- I can think of no one who could have done it better. One of the most powerful scenes is when he is walking down the street crying and there are hundreds of suitcases and belongings strewn on the sidewalks and in the road. I also like the fact that a German soldier is portrayed in a favorable light -- he helped Wladyslaw when things weren't looking so good. He also spared Wladyslaw's life (and in real life, the lives of other Jews) but was still imprisoned by the Russians after the surrender in Europe and subsequently died in a POW camp years later. So tragic, and so unjust.
5|11032|If you go in viewing this movie as what it is, a harmless, happy cinderella story, then you will find that you enjoy it a great deal. I fell in love with Anne Hathaway after seeing this movie. Anyone who doesn't see a more than a few smiles in this movie has forgotten the joys that accompany innocence.
5|4716|One of the few good cartoon films that isnt made by Disney. Does anyone remember the Land Before Time Puppets they gave away at Pizza Hut when the original came out. The sequels are crap, especially when they try to bring singing into it. This though is quality.
5|492|What can I say. Simply the best gangster film of all time. I have never heard more people quoting lines from any other movie.. Even to this day!
5|18770|You are an idiot if you gave this movie less then 5.. But I guess you need a bit of brains to understand this one.. To freak you out.
5|16985|I went to go see this with a very good friend of mine and we both loved it. Unfortunately we missed the very beginning of it - but with what we saw, we loved the simplicity of the plot since it was just the four main characters. The film is very simplistic and there are no huge surprises. its quite realistic in terms of emotion - not in terms of what happens in real life. It certainly struck a chord in me. Its a very good little, simple striking film.
5|5408|this is not just a christmas story, it's message is universal: that persistence and FAITH can overcome despair. it is a thoroughly heartwarming movie, and go back to it again and again...
5|20589|Such a sweet movie with a good message.
1|24218|Awful movie! By far the worst blockbuster of the year. What clumsy, pompous, lackluster boring directing this was. The only part of the movie that was true to the spirit of the comic was HULK battling the tanks. The dogs were dumb. Letting Banner's father, the person he hates most, talk to him, knowing he'll most likely piss him off and make em change into the HULK and escape was dumb. Making the HULK change in the water tank, without having a way to contain him was dumb. The ending was dumb. The script was so dadpan. The split screens and the soundtrack was oppressive and out of place. How can you make the HULK boring??? I felt nothing for Banner, unlike Bill Bixby's character, who I really sympathized with. Thanks Ang Kee for destroying what should have been a great and excited Marvel movie.
5|19308|Gory, hot babes with nice butts....
5|11754|This was the funniest movie ever made. It more than accomplished what it set out to do - incorporate a plot element from every teen movie ever made, embellish it, and then spoof it. Even the voices in the background and the signs on the walls have jokes. The guy with the slow clap, the guy's sister coming on to him, and the main character's prize-winning paintings turning out to be drawings that a preschooler would draw. Too much!
5|7579|When this film was first released, it had the christian community in an uproar as they though it was defiling Jesus' name. On a chatshow, John Cleese and Michael Palin had a war of words against one of the ministers - something any Python fan should watch. The film itself is highly entertaining and carries on with the sense of humour that is present in all the Python work. My favourite line has to be 'He's not the Messiah, he's a very naughty boy'. Me and my fiance have all the Python films because we adore them so much! 
1|19827|this was the stupidest horror movie i have ever seen, it was a while ago, but i can still remember the flat out stupidity of it!
1|5199|Disgraceful. Dr. Seuss should rise from the dead and strangle Mike Myers.
5|8892|I liked this movie! different type of movie, very enegetic! I love brad pitt's charicter, very funny. the ending is great!
5|13143|Terrifying and poetic at the same time, this was an amazing film.
5|9554|One of the best movies of recent years. It's not a laugh-out-loud comedy like many on this list, but its hilarious in parts and engaging throughout. A real life look at real guys. In some ways, Swingers is like a male version of Fried Green Tomatos or one of those other quintessential chick movies. After all, this is all about how four 20-something guys cope with a friend that's lovesick and depressed. While I know some female viewers get turned off by little flashes of misogyny, the more important message of the movie is about the quirks of male friendship, and how friends rally to help each other in non-obvious ways.
1|5172|Very fake, even for a kids movie. What professional basketball player drives a Buick Park Avenue? Obviously underfunded, all basketball players have Escalades.
1|3503|Imagine watching a drag car race for 90 minutes. The film has an OK premise, but is 89 minutes too long. Interesting performance by newcomer Vin Diesel, but he even seems wasted.
1|20095|From the previews it seemed pretty good, but when I saw it I thought it was terrible and it seemed fake. I was sitting down, waiting for something to happen and at the very end, I thought something was going to happen and it didn't. I hated it.
5|7592|Brilliant Coen Brothers film. proved to me Clooney could act. of course how can you not enjoy a farce based on Homer? anyway the cast was superb featuring a lot of Coen regulars. Stand Outs are Tim Blake Nelson as Delamr(sp) and John Goodman in his small role as Big Dan. as always, a coen quote. Do not seek the treasure. We...thought..you...was..a...toad.
5|6854|OMG!! What can you say about this movie? It is just way too funny! Everytime I see it I just crack up. Monty Python is just soo hilarious. It would be very hard in my opinion for anyone to top this movie when it comes to being funny. :)
5|22375|In my top 10 of greatest all time movies, and now one of the best-produced DVDs out there. One of the great ensemble casts of all time. Excellent, original set designs, from the cramped, lived-in Nostromo ship sets to the gloomy alien caverns, bio-ship interiors, and dark planetscapes. The Alien itself is the best designed Alien creature in SF ever, complete with a biological history from egg to adult. Better than Aliens. Alien3 is the worst of the series, but still not that bad. And Alien (4): Resurrection is a good companion piece to Aliens. But this first one is truly the best, complete with a healthy dose of anti-government, anti-corporate paranoia which was expanded on in the sequels. Jones is the best -- and most troublesome-- cat in space. And Jerry Goldsmith's beautiful score is his best. The DVD has TWO isolated scores so you can hear all of his music -- the way he meant to have it in the movie. If you like the movie at all, you'll love the DVD, packed with lots of extras. 
5|5385|Wonderful acting, great story and a great moral message.Jimmy Stewart is unforgetable!One of my top 10 of all time!
5|20562|The best thing about this movie is Jean Hagen! She did a great acting job of NOT being able to act! And, for all you trivia buffs, in the scene where Debbie dubs Jean's voice...it is actually Jean's real voice you hear. So ultimately, it was Jean dubbing Debbie dubbing Jean. This movie is one of the best all-around movies ever made. The acting was brilliant and the writing was top notch.
1|12741|If you had a soldier who was for the war and a soldier who was against it who do you think would be in this film? This movie is nothing more then political garbage with extreme exagerations and bias. If anything he has made our nation more stupid then it already is and should be punished for such filth
5|4925|I really enjoyed the movie, one of the best I've seen this year. Very funny to the end with a great over all message.
1|12027|'Kay, very possibly one of the stupidest movies I have EVER seen. It wasn't even stupid like it was funny stupid, just stupid. I just sat there, for two hours literally feeling my brain go numb from the pointless tatoo banter and stoned guys trying to have some sort of coherent conversation and failing miserably.
5|479|I'm not exactly sure, but I think this is the one with his father. It was awesome! Extremely funny, especiall when they found out that they slept with the same woman.
1|1472|Congrats to Quentin Tarantino for once again proving that he cannot make a movie without pointless violence.....the man is seriously sick and has no talent whatsoever.....why anyone would show him any respect after the horrid Pulp Fiction is beyond me....
1|24595|Pretty damn bad.
5|3092|Great movie for Willis. I liked the action in the movie, very exciting, excellent plot. I knew I had to see it from the trailer.
5|13816|Definately an option for picture of the year. It was similar to Shawshank, but great in its own right. Not much action except when Tom Hanks and the other guards beat up the one sadistic guard.
5|1849|This movie kicks ass. Bruce Lee is tight. This is an action classic. The plot is good. The acting is a little bad, but the fighting makes up for that.
1|3271|I saw this at the cinema with my partner and his family for his b'day during the summer. We were not impressed. There was only one piece of camerawork that I particularly like and that was with the cars. It seems to me that this film doesn't even adhere to the original series and therefore should not have the title. Appalling. 
5|24076|Nice little story line, cool little guys going around getting themselves into trouble , they go back into time and meet some nasty People, it is funny and entertaining. Great movie.
5|1691| CROUCHING TIGER, HIDDEN DRAGON IS A FEAST FOR THE HUMAN EYES. THIS IS A MOVIE OF GREAT STUNNING UTTER BEAUTY. I, CHAIRMAN YI-YI, DECLARE THIS MOVIE THE BEST MOVIE OF 2000.ISN'T ZHANG ZIYI AND MICHELLE YEOH SEXY, DAMN. FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO DISLIKE THE MOVIE DUE TO THE SUBTITLES, I CHAIRMAN OF THE FREE CHINA MOVEMENT WOULD LIKE TO SAY READING LIBERATES THE MIND SO GO OUT AND READ ALL YOU CAN. YOU'LL BE GLAD YOU DID. CROUCHING TIGER... IS A MOST HAVE FOR ANY WHO HAS A MOVIE COLLECTION IN THEIR HOMES. SEE IT OR BUY IT WHEN IT'S OUT ON VIDEO AND DVD. THIS MOVIE IS GREAT. MOVIE OF THE YEAR AND THAT'S FINAL. 
5|20210|Freddy is the best horror movie character alive
5|4931|My dog loves this movie!
1|12033|The worst movie I've ever seen (though parts of the trailer were funny).
5|2398|I think there's a lot of things we could say about this movie; Tim Robbins and Jeff Bridges were unbelievable; Great Movie ! 
5|18957|Great movie, but I would file it under comedy! PS: Play the drinking game.
5|3086|Totally enjoyed this movie. I thought it didn't get enough recognition. Great, fun entertainment.
1|24581|This thing stinks on ice.
5|5391|True holiday classic. It does seem a little old fashioned compared to today's films, but that's also part of its charm.
5|3938|Toy Story was a creative masterpiece. It is a true achievement when adults and children can see a movie and enjoy it equally. Tom Hanks and Tim Allen were wonderful providing the voices for the main characters. It was also good to see many of the toys of my youth (i.e. Mr Potato Head) come to life on the screen. If you have or don't have kids, check this movie out. It is funny and touching and you won't be disappointed.
5|20576|Great movie. Gene Kelly is one of the greatest dancers of all time.
1|12755|Moore makes me want to throw up every time I see him.........
1|5166|I hope it isn't bad as most DTV(direct to video)Disney releases.
1|19600|An awful movie with as much suspense as a cupcake. Humor targeted at those with the intelligence of a four year old. Horrible acting. Couldn't sit through it again.
5|6698|James Cagney is perfect as George M. Cohan the song and dance man from the late 1980s to about 1940. this movie is about Cohan's life. I did not realize what a great dancer James Cagney was until this movie.It has a lot of good song and dance scenes. One of the better biography movies I have seen.
5|22361|I have to put it down as the movie that made me close my eyes the most of any movie I've seen. In space, no one can hear you scream, the ads said back in '79, but there was sure a lot of screaming in the theater that day. That damn cat Jonesy was as scary as the freakin' Alien. Horrorific aside, there was sexiness to the movie. Both girls on the Nostramo were dolls. The sight of Sigourney Weaver in bikini panties nearly getting her rump patted by the Alien was raw sexiness followed by sheer terror. It was a great movie.
5|21640|As one who has read The Lord of the Rings some twenty times and who now finds it hard to recapture the spell this story once held, this film has brought the tale back to life in a way far surpassing all expectations. Given that the novel has become (to some at least) an emerging European mythology, having several archetypal elements in common with the ancient sagas (including a sense of history, many original proper names and languages, and profound psychological insights), a screen adaptation could have failed in innumerable ways. Nonetheless, Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings; the Fellowship of the Ring succeeded in capturing many essential qualities of this remarkable story. While I miss the Northerliness (as C. S. Lewis describes it) of the landscapes depicted in the novel, I was agreeably surprised by the highly surrealistic tone maintained throughout the film - enhanced by the raw New Zealand landscape, the sombre music, the demonic Black Riders and angelic Elves, and not least of all the sheer momentum of the screenplay which hurtles the viewer along at breakneck speed. The surrealism lends support to the central psychodrama of the movie: Frodo's mental struggles with the power of the Ring, the near psychotic sequences when he wears the Ring and is therefore half-in the demonic spirit world, and the palpable courage he and the Fellowship demonstrate in an apparently hopeless quest. Psychodrama (after the tradition of Vertigo and Mirage) is one of the cinematic modalities revived in this film, and it actually surpasses the book in bringing a sense of mortal danger as the Company draws nearer to Mordor. Their sincere display of companionship and love is true to the novel, and remains a core theme despite the special effects and action sequences. And all the while an epic saga having the proportions of Ben Hur or The Bible unfolds on screen. In the final analysis, the character developments contributed as much as the special effects to the success of this movie. Frodo (played by Elijah Wood) is the most memorable character to me, since my image of him from the novel is rather indistinct: pale complexion, dark hair, sensitive, and thoughtful, these were canonical depictions of Frodo. But the expressive and vulnerable looks (enhanced by his being brought down to hobbit size), the voice, and the slightly hypnotic gaze Wood brings to the character all surprised me and confirmed a latent image I had always had of the hero. Except perhaps for his youthfulness (in the book he is older than the other hobbits, though his aging has been arrested by the Ring), these qualities are all compatible with Tolkien's character. And there were other venerable performances, especially Sean Bean's (Boromir), Ian McKellan's (Gandalf), and Christopher Lee (Saruman). Viggo Mortenson and Cate Blanchett both seemed a little light to portray the characters of Aragorn and Galadrial (not all share this view), while Hugo Weaving did not agree with my conception of Elrond - but the soberness of his portrayal grew on me. By all accounts Orlando Bloom and John Rhys-Davies give convincing portrayals of Legolas the Elf and Gimli the Dwarf while Sean Astin, Dominic Monaghan, and Billy Boyd are altogether charming as the other hobbits. The apocryphal material (Liv Tyler's Arwen replacing Glorfindel, Aragorn's allowing Frodo to depart alone, etc.) did not bother me as much as the many omissions and consequent missed opportunities. In any living tale or myth, variations develop over time until a more pure distillation of underlying archetypes is achieved. But I must say that many changes were not necessitated by the medium. More dialogue in Bree is needed, for example Aragorn describing in better detail the Black Riders ( They will come on you...in some dark place where there is no help. Do you wish them to find you? They are terrible! ). It would have helped explain the hobbits' close escapes if we had been informed (as we are in the book) that the Nazgul do not perceive the physical world sharply or clearly - just as Frodo does not when he is wearing the Ring. Instead, their weapons are fear and despair. Another miss: when Frodo was on Amon Hen (Seat of Seeing), a glimpse of Minas Tirith, followed by a flash-back on Gandalf (or at least a voice-over) telling him, take off the ring, you fool! when Frodo was nearly revealed to the Eye would give valuable foreshadowing for The Two Towers. The extra time spent in these sequences could easily have been taken out of the lengthy scenes with the hideous Uruk-hai and the cave troll. And did they forget to reforge Narsil (the Sword that was Broken), or does Arwen bring it to Aragorn later? The musical score is effective and unobtrusive, yet in places not as free as the dramatic landscape it accompanies. Although I would have liked more variations on the central melodic theme (perhaps forthcoming in the two sequels), there are definitely memorable musical passages in the Mines of Moria scenes, as well as in the haunting, modal Lament to Gandalf. This movie bears repeated viewing. The density of material will not be appreciated the first time. It wasn't till my fourth viewing that I noticed the three stone trolls from Bilbo's adventure in the glade where Arwen finds Aragorn and the hobbits; or noticed how the Balrog finds another passage to the Bridge of Kazad Dum (leaping over a flame-filled gulch as in the book) after the path taken by the Company was blocked by the ruin of the Endless Stair. I found the costumes endlessly varying yet impeccable - a new fashion trend should emerge with capes, brooches, waistcoats, etc. The saturation of the red, green, and blue hues in the film print are also delightful and reminiscent of films from the '50s and early '60s. With two sequels of similar scope to be released over the next two years, these motion pictures will give ever greater impetus to the establishment of the Lord of the Rings as a global mythology. Psychologists and sociologists, take note: we are witnessing the formation of an entirely new mythic system which will undoubtedly outlast our time. Tolkien's themes of love, courage, and preservation of beauty against the depersonalized mechanical control of industry and technology are sorely needed today and will become even more precious to forthcoming generations. 
5|323|very, very, rewatchable movie. lost track of how many times i've watched this film. although not my favorite of all time i still like this film alot. the opening of the film was very powerful(especially for military minded type people like myself) in about ten minutes the viewer gets a pretty good idea why the roman empire was the roman empire.(unleash hell luv that line and the straight forward way it was delivered as a matter of fact) the opening was so good that i expected more ,however ,as everyone knows the story arced in a different direction(for the better) but damn what an opening. in my opinion joaquin phoenix nailed the commodus character perfectly and really stole the show preformance wise. r.i.p richard harris. great film.
1|11274|i hated it
5|9583|You have to be a woman to get the funny bits, though. And nothing can really beat the book wich a lauhed my head of reading a couple of months ago. Bridget is, in many ways, the only true picture of a woman in out ime. Because all we see are young and skinny models/actresses in Hollywood and they don t tell much about how WE are. But Bridget does. And that s it. I am like Bridget, I want to shag Daniel, but for life I want Mark. We all want respect, and someone who says: I like you just the way you are . Both of them are so cute, but I must say I wouldn t shag Hugh Grant for the world. But I would shag good old Mark Darcy whenever. If he only could ask..... well, this is the end of my rating, hope you like it!
5|6868|one of the best comedies of all time
5|22349|Superman is the best superhero in the world! Christopher Reeves made the best Superman ever. I've just been a big fan of Superman ever since I can remember.
5|15283|This movie was great. It was well acted and very inspirational. It's a story that needed to be told and the critics who slammed it for its so called 'inaccuracy' missed the point of the triumphant man who should be looked up to by those who have seen the movie and realize his accomplishment.
5|16952|A truly moving film from beginning to end, The Man Without A Face is a tale of a deep bond between a disturbed young boy and a troubled, disfigured recluse who cannot rid himself of his past. Mel Gibson is absolutely fantastic in his role, and it speaks well of him that he was able to act so wonderfully AND direct at the same time. However, the film is stolen by the performance of fourteen year old Nick Stahl, whom Mel Gibson picked personally for the role. In my opinion, he couldn't have picked a better kid for the role. I've written elsewhere on this site just how much potential I think Stahl has, and I truly believe that he will go far in Hollywood. The movie itself had some moving moments, and it was espescially interesting watching both characters evolve and form an unbreakable bond of friendship. Chuck (Nick Stahl) manages to see Gibson's character for who he really is, and towards the end of the movie, he says I can't see your scars anymore. Chuck's quest for knowledge brings to him an unusual friendship with Gibson's character, who we see gradually open up to the little boy. The ending was espescially moving, and provided an excellent conclusion to a wonderful movie. This is highly reccomended- it will remind you of the value and the grace of a true friendship.
5|21126|Great rock opera portraying the last 7 ays in the earthly life of Christ. The musical score is great with songs that are unforgettable.
5|451|I'm not a freak about the Indiana Jones series, but I like the movies. The Last Crusade was my favorite (mostly because it was the only one I understood completely. The other I understood, but not like the Last Crusade).
5|16946|Awesome Sex Scenes!
5|1875|2 great jobs by 2 great actors! a must see for everyone.........
1|16269|Spike Lee, for some reason, received a lot of praise for this film. I thought it was a foul-mouthed bore of a movie, whose message got lost in all the cussing. Anyway, by the end of the movie all the characters--black AND white--were all so annoying, I didn't care what happened to any of them. Spike Lee said after the Oscars that year that he was robbed, but I think the only people who got robbed were the ones who paid to see this mess.
5|8851|This movie has so many hidden funny lines. I love the part when one of the senior girls yells, fry like bacon you freshmen bitches! There are some big actors in this movie and they all do a great job. Everyone can relate to this movie. It is the classic coming of age story. There are so many characters in this movie and you are bound to have friends that are similar to the characters in this movie. It take place in the 70's and that just adds to the film. It is a favorite of mine. You can watch it over and over and it just gets better.
1|2635|Towering imbecility.
5|9597|While I have never been prone to website postings, I found the comment of jyoun06 on 10/26 so stirring to my soul, that it warranted an immediate response. ROTN, indeed featured it share of veteran actors, but I feel the ensemble cast was highlighted by some smaller roles which though short on screen time come up big on presence and memorablility. Important to note is the performance of Carl Cherry. Though billed only as Tri-Lamb , recent studies by film scholars have revealed evidence that this ghost in the darkness may in fact be Lawrence Mosquito. Lawrence, as fans will recall is the often mentioned, rarely seen ghost brother of the Lambda brethren. Carl has been denied his rightful claim to this role for 16 years. Hopefully with the truth now clear, the cinematic world will embrace him for his accomplishments. I would like to commend Lance Lombardo. Though now an accomplished set director,the Rush Hour (1998) Money Talks (1997) Set It Off (1996) , in 1984 Lance was a daring young actor. Few people on the set were up to the challenge of portray Lamar s date , the controversial role of a young homosexual in an inter-racial relationship. Society was not as sympathetic towards gays in the mid-80 s , and rumor has it that lance was subject to some ridicule on the set by the Alpha Beta camp. If only released a few years later, I feel this role could have yielded Lance an Oscar nomination for its abundance of honesty and emotion. (Remember when he bites Lamar s phallic balloon hat.) Finally, Kres Mersky, who made who film debut as Check out girl in Oh God! (1977) gives a stirring portrayal of Mrs. Wormser, forced to drop her son (Andrew Cassesse) off in a gymnasium like a refugee. Can anyone else see the obvious reference to Sophie s Choice as a mother is forced to give up her child? Such literary references are common place for the writing team of Flores-Tejada and Buhei, who render a poignant social commentary. However, the duo does leave one plot point unresolved at the conclusion of the film. What happened to Gilberts dad? 
5|13180|One flew East, One flew West... One of the better movies ever made. The book is much better than the movie, and goes into much more detail. This is a must see for Kack Nicholson fans, it will help erase the bad taste left in the mouth from ABOUT SCHMIDT.
1|17611|Like the book it was based on, Left Behind: The Movie just shows how arrogant some Christians can be about their faith. For thousands of years, people have been saying that the world is going to end soon, but the world is still here. The same is true today. The world is not going to come to an end any time soon, despite what this pretentious film tries to convince its audience. Anyone who says this movie contains the truth is a liar. They could not possibly know that this movie is true, and it is dishonest to claim otherwise.
5|14837|you shouldn't have done the... he's just a boy
5|8689|What a great movie! The best thing is, how the concept is very real. It's for all ages, young and old. And everyone can somehow relate to some point in the story. My favorite thing, though, is the friendship.
5|3904|This is a very good Disney film and this is one of my favorite disney movies made. Simba's father died and he thought it was his fault. so he ran away. the area gets taken over. Simba makes friends with Timon and Pumba. When he grows up, he finds ot his area is being taken over and must go back and save it.
1|8319|stupid movie.
1|9007|Best Picture in 1977 over Star Wars. That's sickening to think about. That just proves that the Academy voters were all a bunch of short nerdy idiots.
5|336|Long years ago, Charlton Heston starred in Ben Hur...and in those days the cinematography was surprisingly well done. GLADIATOR came along...and really surprised me. Russel Crowe did a magnificent job in his portrayl of such a brave fighter. He managed to fill his role in this movie with more credibility than one could imagine. Caeser was well done as well, disgusting...heartless...back stabbing and once again...credible. In those times of the world's history....especially Rome's, the producers recreated it all so beautifully and realisitically. An intense, but impressive film.
5|21655|It's always a battle between this and Empire for being the second best Star Wars. This also had an excellent score and amazing special effects like the other two. It has a wonderful end to the Star Wars trilogy. Plus those Ewoks are amusing and the explosion of the death star is incredible. An absolute triumph in film history. Got To LOVE it!
5|14836|A sad, yet wonderful movie. Billy Bob Thornton never breaks character as mentally challenged, but pure-hearted Karl. Slingblade is serious in nature, but contains some laugh out loud moments as well.
5|13181|Probably one of the best films Nicholson has ever made
5|8850|Everyone needs to see this movie!! if you haven't then your stupid!
5|6869|What an utterly stupid movie this is! And I mean that as a compliment! Five Englishmen and one American (John Cleese, Eric Idle, Michael Palin, Graham Chapman, Terry Jones and Terry Gilliam), calling themselves Monty Python's Flying Circus , after a name they pulled from the London phone directory, gained international fame through a television show they did in the early seventies for the British Broadcasting Company in England. The shows became a phenom in the states largely through public television stations. The troupe did one film, based on reworkings of their television sketches, called And Now For Something Completely Different , which was not released in the U.S. until later. Monty Python And The Holy Grail (1974), was their first film comprised of original material, and the first released in the states, cementing their reputation. Deservedly so. The script, an irreverent and very silly reworking of the King Arthur legends, was the work of all of the Pythons. It was directed by Jones and the American Gilliam, who also did the animation, as he had for the television show. The humor is absurd in the extreme. King Arthur is recruiting knights for his court at Camelot (a very musical, silly place! where armoured knights dance on tables , kicking off plates and cups). After he has gathered a few of the more famous names, the sky opens, and a cartoon God, looking very stern, charges Arthur and his knights to Seek the Holy Grail! When Arthur responds that this is a Good idea, oh Lord! , the Deity rolls it's eyes and thunders Course it's a good idea! And so begin the adventures of Arthur and his small band of knights.And what adventures they are! Everything from a large, wooden Trojan Rabbit that they build to infiltrate a castle (unfortunately, they forget to climb inside), through an encounter with the mysterious, shrubbery-loving Knights Who Say 'Nee'! , who by the mere repetition of the syllable Nee can cause pain, or worse. Then, too, there is the fluffy little white rabbit that guards the cave of Kyre Bannor, and can...well, you wouldn't believe it if I told you, so you'll have to check it out for yourself. If all this sounds completely off the wall here, let me assure you, it's even more so on film. From the opening credits (read them carefully. They're part of the fun!), to the end, when a contemporary (for 1974, anyhow)English policeman puts his hand over the camera lens and says: That's enough, son! (I'm not kidding!), the film is pure craziness! The roles are all played by the Pythons themselves, except for a few minor women's parts, and it is a tour de force unlike anything else you will ever see. Might be the only film ever to attempt an answer to the question: What is the flight velocity of a laden swallow?
5|14822|A fun, yet insightful trip into a world most of us will never encounter. Though the lives of these people seem so foreign, the moral and ethical questions they face are the same. We also see how friendships are held together and torn apart-need and greed.
5|8844| Guess what Isacc Newton, I'm the one smokin' marijuana M***** F*****! The best line I've ever heard in a movie and probably the funniest. If you haven't seen this movie, You betta! 
1|11275|Once again, Rob Schinder proves he cannot act in another stupid, boring and crude comedy that has no life in it. Over 20 profanities are present in this film, with the f-word, AGAIN, being the most frequently-used one. Filmakers, please listen, profanity is NOT neccessary to make a film!!!! As you would expect from a (so-called) movie about Gigolos, sexual content runs rampant, with graphic descriptions of everything from masturbation to genitals present. And, of course, alcohol and drugs are present. But, I tell you one thing, that isn't present: a good actor! Avoid this movie altogether and hire some superheroes to save the world or galliant explorers to go where no one has gone before or some skilled trainers to catch 'em all... 
5|322|Great acting by Russell Crowe! Great action scenes, battles, and fights! Great costumes and locations! This movie rocks!
5|21899|Watching Arnie expend a seemingly endless supply of ammo fending off the virtually indestructible T-1000, inevitably blowing up many vehicles in the process, is supremely enjoyable. Oh, and the rest of the movie ain't bad either.
5|3911|This movie appeals to all ages. When I was in college, my group of guy friends always watched the Lion King. It was always on when I went over there. It is a great story.
5|21641|i know everybody has been breathlessly awaiting my opinion, hahaha, so here it is. i never read these books, though i'm familiar with the story, from animated films i'd watch in the lower school library while cutting class. i tried reading 'the hobbit' once, but i thought the writing was cornball- a wizard showing up randomly at somebody's house and telling them he needs help for an adventure he's arranging... but my, aren't adventures messy business?... blah blah blah. the point is, i cared about the characters, a lot, and all of the actors were superb without fail. the effects weren't all i'd hoped they'd be. when the elf jumps on the troll's back in the mine, at one point, it exactly mirrors a scene from harry potter, even fx-wise. peter jackson, the director, jumped on the cgi bandwagon just as he jumped on the morphing bandwagon when he made 'heavenly creatures', just after t2 came out, and morphing was god. i have nothing against state-of-the-art fx, but some styles are better than others, and directors should use them according to the mood they're trying to create, and not just because they are most real . cgi never fools me; it's always 2-d, and the lighting never works... it looks like liquid in a world of ice. but back on the point, i didn't think ian mckellan had what it took to play gandalf- he's too harmless- but he kicked ass. elijah wood was especially good, as was the guy who plays aragorn aragorn's player tries too hard with the facial stuff during the film to make himself present, but by the end he has definitely earned his future kingdom. christopher lee is still the genius he always was- you really hate his guts in the movie, he totally manipulates you -and i'm glad with this and sw2, he's finally getting some roles worthy of him. this movie is definitely not set on earth, or new zealand- it really is a world of its own. even though i went out afterwards, i couldn't stop thinking about it, but i didn't want to talk about it either. i was just very happily stunned. i'm going to see this movie many, many times.
5|4918|Cute and irresistable movie. Bruce Willis makes it impossible for me not to love his acting. I liked the topic, and was glad I saw it. it WAS a movie for both kids and adults.
5|17495|Spanish conquistadors,driven on by the obsessive Klaus Kinski,search for the fabled lost city of gold,ElDorado - through hallucinatory Peruvian landscapes of mist-enveloped mountains,dense rainforest,exotic wildlife and the mighty,challenging Amazon.A mesmerising adventure and unforgettable journey for the armchair spectator!
5|20239|Sraight up the most awesome display of movie making in the horror genre. A tight script, excellent direction and a pretty talented no-name cast. Only person in it I know by name is Kelly Preston. She plays the damsel in distress that gets undressed pretty well. Take heed! Pay attention the entire movie or it will pass you by. And be prepared for the ending.... it WILL SHOCK you!
5|23730|I LOVED THIS MOVIE! The Mummy and the sequel of it were tottally thrilling. Plus, I've always had a big interest in Egypt and coffins.
5|1860|A classic movie w/ real action sequences that is totally irreplacable by any of the modern blockbusters.
5|15282|A true moving picture that depicts the adversity the black culture had to go through. Denzel Washington was amazing in this film and portrays his character with total passion.
1|4537|why the hell is this in the horror section 
5|19490|That is grand!!!!! 
5|2399|This a GREAT movie ! I loved it !!!! Tim Robbins and Jeff Bridges are very good actors ! Great story, great actors, great music... A GREAT movie bye !!!! 
1|12032|Worst movie ever.
5|23718|The Mummy is a film. Plenty of decent action scenes and comedic relief at appropriate points. Solid performances by all parties involved. Generally thrilling and entertaining, fully maintaining the attention of the viewer from beginning to end.
5|1690|This was great. a must go see acording to me. i love the fighting i want to fight in trees and climb up walls. this is a great movie.
5|1848|This movie was a classic Bruce Lee flick. The best Kung Fu around plus Bolo. The fighting sequences are well worth the movie. Just watching Bruce Lee in action is most excellent.
5|13803|Tom Hanks has a great hit on his hands. Despite it's length, Green Mile holds the viewer's attention throughout the whole movie. Movie goers would not want to miss this one.
5|22360|Super! I've seen dozens of times & it still grabs me. The writing is superb, the acting terrific & the tension really builds as the Alien slowly picks off one at a time. The best scene is where Ripley (after everyone else is killed) almost runs into the creature on her way into the shuttle. It's creepy as it sneaks around the corner. Also horrifying is where the alien comes upon Parker & Lambert while they're collecting up the coolant. If you're a horror/sci-fi fan, you must have this in your collection!
5|6841|What a hilarious movie. The holy hand grenade and the bridge keeper (what is the average speed of a sparrow?) are just a few of the many funny things in this flick.
5|7587|This was the Cohn bros funniest movie, next to Raising Arizona.
5|6699|James Cagney really shows his acting chops in this movie about George M Cohan. An entertaining musical and Cagney really puts his all into it. He's touching, delightful and electryfing. Walter Huston is great as his father Jerry. Cagney won an Academy Award for his performance. The movie will not disappoint.
1|12754|I'm loving this bulshit. Its troops like the ones in Iraq and overseas that make it possible for a fat lard like Moore to make a flick like this. Just disgrace. It is unbelieveable how people can go along with liberal propaganda and believe that Bush is in Iraq for HIS PERSONAL REASONS. Get a clue and realize that we did not elect a president who is so foolish. As Fheit as a movie, poor insight with one sided views. Whomever made this movie needs to kill yourself. We love you Michael Moore. Keep putting out bad movies because the republican party loves to bash your liberal propaganda. Just remember who controls the senate. Bill Frist.
5|20577|I LOVE THIS MOVIE! It is such a sweet movie and its so cute.
5|11966|No Movie will ever be as great as this one
1|12740|B.S.
1|1315|I didn't really think it could be any worse than the first one, but it was. A horrible movie with no entertainment value whatsoever, but what do you expect from a degenerate like Quentin Tarantino?
5|5384|This is not the best film ever created but gets 5 stars for many other reasons..This movie is a tradition that has always left me with a comforting sense with its' small town goodness. I always sensed those were better times when vitues and family mattered...teaches some very good moral lessons too.
1|14331|This movie is so unrealistic it isn't even funny. And the acting by the cast was awful, considering their talent. I think I would much rather watch the adult porn movie version of this called Driving Miss Daisy Crazy ! LMAO ! ha ha !
5|6855|This movie is hillarious. I really like the scenes with the French guys. If you've got any sense of humor, you'll like this movie.
1|3502|after that dumb movie came out all these riceburner 4 bangers started buzzing up and down the street with their in reality slow cars zigging in n out of traffic. The only good car was the charger n they trashed it.american v8s are a lot cheaper n faster right off the bat ask any mechanic.its just a trend making movie. lots of people escepially girls that dont know anything about cars will flock to it with the shiny head n taillights(not all girls but alot). its really a stupid movie though the things they say in the movie are not factual at all. the second one is probly going to be dumber except for the camaro which i hope they dont trash. i havent seen it yet so miracles can happen.
1|5173|Hey Li'l Bow Wow: give it up.
5|1684|A wonderful, dream like film. For an older woman it is such a pleasure to find a film with all the greatness I remember from the films from the studios. Beauty, fun, and such a touching love story. The subtitles did not bother me at all. I loved it all and had to see it again before it went away and have now purchased to sound track and the book.
1|3264|This is perhaps one of the worst action movies of all time. First of all, it is so removed from the premise of the original Mission: Impossible series that people wouldn't even recognize it as a sequel were it not for the title. Second, the plot is as predictable as they come: a bad man wants to threaten the world with a virus and the hero has to stop him, plus the girl is in danger; give me a break. Third, there is a truckload of slow-mo action scenes that might look good in the first minutes, but then they become tiresome since the amount of them has to be seen to be believed. Fourth, the action scenes are so over-the-top as to be ridiculous: Hunt (Cruise) can avoid bullets and perform stunts so exhaggerated as to be utterly laughable. Fifth, the movie has so many plot holes and absurdities as to be completely irritating: whenever Hunt has to infiltrate the bad guys' team, he wears a mask and can impersonate anyone, even people who were never seen before, or who are taller or fatter, whatever. At one point, one of the bad guys is killed because Hunt makes him wear a mask of himself. Just imagine, Hunt was carrying a mask of HIMSELF! How's that for deus ex machina. And what about the virus that is transmitted through blood in certain scenes, then suddenly is supposed to be airborne 'cause otherwise the plot wouldn't work? Pathetic. Sixth, the movie copies left and right from superior movies; most of it is pale imitation of Bond movies, and the rest is taken from some Hitchcock's classics or superhero movies (yeah, Cruise is also so strong in this film that he could rival Superman). All in all Mission: Impossible II is one of the worst summer movies I've ever seen in my life, and should be avoided like the plague. 
5|3093|I was really impressed by this movie, and left it feeling like I had just been through the experiences of the characters in the film. I got really attached to the characters, and it was shocking to see some of them die violent deaths. Excellent movie that shows that sometimes, we really can be the good guys.
1|15991|The book was alright, but the motion picture was extraordinarily corny and only somewhat reminiscent of the novel. Once again, I have to agree with Lord of the Waves, this was an embarrassment.
1|12026|Somebody shoot the producer of this sh*t.
5|5409|A magnificent picture!
5|16984|Although this movie had a lot of language and people may not agree with that I feel overall the movie was just LIFE. I know of many people that have similar life experiences. I feel the movie portrayed how we really act in our true lives. I felt the actors made you feel as if you were in the situations with them. I felt they made you feel as if they werent acting at all! I recommend this movie 100% to anyone that wants to see a movie that you can relate to. Beware there is a lot of adult talk and scenes. But overall the movie is just truth of how we all are!
5|493|I'm a big fan of Scorsese, and(f.y.i) Raging Bull is one of me favorite movies.After Godfather pt1 & pt2,Goodfellas is the best mob movie. What makes it great is that the movie breaksthrough the mob genre it's a great overall movie.
5|13624|Put your mouth on the curb! hearing that still makes me cringe. God bless you Derek Vineyard
5|6100|Not just a great horror movie but a great movie. Anyone should enjoy this whether they're into the genre or not. It has timeless suspense, warmth and humor. Alone...bad...friend...GOOD! 
5|13142|An very powerful, necesarry movie. Thank goodness Spielberg was out there to make it.
5|6666|It's a shame they don't make horror movies like this any more. The monster isn't a bad guy who is mega-evil and impossible to dispose of, he's a monster one can feel sympathy for. These movies from the 30's and 40's are great for watching on or near Halloween.
5|1109|Raw, brutal, real. If you think that the chainsaw scene is Hollywood, think again. One of my all time favorite flicks.
5|23081|great! I love Star Wars!
5|7578|You're all individuals. 
5|19309|It suprised me''''
5|17324|Excellent moive. Completely evokes the claustrophobia and spiritual dilema of these men and their situation.
5|20588|Everything about this film is great except the leads. Interesting retelling of Romeo and Juliet in the 1950s urban setting with racial overtones. Tremendous, memorable musical score (thank you, Lenny Bernstein) and outstanding choreography (J. Robbins was a genius). Very decent acting for a musical (especially Ned Glass, John Astin and Simon Oakland in small supporting roles) and fine art direction. Russ Tamblyn (Riff) is a very underrated song and dance type. However, Natalie Wood is totally miscast as Maria: it's hard to suspend disbelief when a California girl of Russian descent tries to come off as a Puerto Rican gal from the Bronx. Also, Marnie Nixon's voice was dubbed in for Natalie's singing parts, which is pretty lame for a film of this stature (Nixon also ghost-sang for that notable no-talent, Audrey Hepburn, in My Fair Lady). Richard Breymer, as Tony, was totally wooden and ridiculous. They tried to make a star of this guy in the late 50s and early 60s, but failed. No wonder, as he's totally talentless. The only fault of this picture is that the producers made, once again, the Cardinal Error of Hollywood Musicals, i.e., putting non-singers in lead roles for the sake of box office appeal. Doesn't work here as in any other case, but the other attributes of this film compensate for this, which is very rare indeed.
5|2400|Suprised this movie was not big hit. Had never heard of it till I saw it in store. Took chance on it because I like the actors. Was glad I did.
5|18017|A great phychological thriller. I was never terrorized or scarred by it. Carrie came across to me as a figure to be pittied, not be scared of. What is scary is that there are people who would treat people like Carrie that way. Carrie's mother is propably the most scarry person in the movie, if only because their are people like that out there.
5|21682|REturn of the Jedi, is, in my opinion, the best of the Star Wars original trilogy. All of the action, suspense, the atmosphere is just right. George Lucas can make movies, and well. There are many reasons to see the movie such as, The emperor has a larger part, the war ends, the rebels defeat the empire. There are too many reasons to list. Han gets freed, Jabba dies, and the Death Star blows up. The digitally remastered version makes the movie even better than it already is. This is a must see movie.
5|17330|C'est bon!
5|6672|OK, THIS IS IT! The new Cheaper by the Dozen was not a remake of the original. They are nothing alike and the Steve Martin movie IMO was a total flop. The original Cheaper by the Dozen is my number one favorite comedy movie. It is a true story about a family with 12 children. Clifton Webb, a very fine old actor, plays Frank Gilbreth, the father (who was a well know efficiency expert). If you haven't seen this movie, please give yourself a couple of hours of sheer quality entertainment and get it. I promise you will not be disappointed.
5|14639|All my friends were talking about how great Center Stage was but I had never seen it. I rented it last night and watched it 4 times already. I have to buy it now because I love it so much. it sort of makes me wish that I could dance like that!
1|19832|A movie was wasted on this useless crossover. Where's my Star Trek vs. Star Wars or Pokemon Meets Tokyo Pig? Instead, we get a gory, profanity-filled kill fest. Not recommended in the slightest.
5|15241|I loved this movie because it was so emotional and I cried at the end
5|9227|Like i said b4 Sandler and Berrymore make a great comedy movie... With Adams good singing in this movie it made it too good to be true!
5|17456| Clue but in a French musical sort of way. Some of French cinema's best known names are in this movies and it is about 8 women who are connected to each other and a murder. Not only do each women have something to hide about their motivations and opportunity for murdering the victim, but each is hiding a secret of their own as well. Will the timeless Catherine Denueve, French film icons Danielle Darrieux, Fanny Ardant, Emmanuelle Beart and more, this movie packs talent. It is a dark comedy, liberally laced with songs appropriate to the character and the plot of the film. You will identify with atleast ONE of the characters and the surprise ending is unexpected.
5|487|Best Damn Scorcese Movie Ever hands down.
5|18765|Judging by some of the comments below, some people didn't get it.. (WAY BIG SPOILERS) Some wrote something about only having to make a copy of the tape and you lived. Not the case at all. In fact, no copy would be necessary. The point was that Mom (Watts) and son won't die AS LONG AS there are OTHERS who have SINCE seen the tape and THEIR week hasn't passed. So, for example. I see the tape (my 7 days starts). But then I show it to someone else. My 7 days stops (pauses?) until the new victim dies. It's like a chain letter - or rather, a RING... The problem is that I would have to keep showing new people the tape in order for me to continue living. (that's kind of where the movie ends, which made it very creepy for me). Making copies would help this, but I suppose you could just continue showing people the original tape. The copying process has nothing to do with the curse. I hope this helps you appreciate the film a little more... 
5|4703|OMG how can u call it a children's bore ?! It waz an awesome movie and the actorz and actressez rocked! Of course, the best waz KHLEO THOMAS!! :-) And I mean even though Khleo (Khaleed Leon) Thomas improved the movie a LOT (he'z so hott and such a great actor!), it would have been great even without him! The plot is really exciting and it'z amazing how it all tiez together. It had an advantage because the author of the original book (which waz great, too) wrote the screenplay. All in all, the acting waz awesome and the movie waz well written!
5|7222|My favorite movie of all time. Steve Martin and John Candy made a terrific pair in this movie. I laugh my hind-end off every time I watch it.
5|8111|This is one funny movie. The characters are so outlandish its a scary thought that they were based on people the Coen bros. actually met. Its hilarious, see it!
5|12506|A really funny, family movie. The kids are great actors and the story is great.
5|14177|This movie should and will leave you sobbing. It takes you on an emotional roller coaster, from sublime to heartbreak. The tragedy is that the movie is true, and it's so sad when you realize people can be so cruel. (More conservative people might not enjoy this flick, but I suggest they see it anyway. It might open their eyes.)
5|1653|After it was over i realized how good it was..Really good movie, especially if you watch it Mandarin with subtitles, really is cool.
5|13618|One of the better movies I've seen in a while. Don't ever let me be like Kevin Spacey's character was before his rebirth. 
5|5435|Superb last scene.
5|16760|Crowe, Zellwegger, and the entire cast give outstanding performances in this film. It is an emotionally taxing story about a man sruggling to bring his family through the Great Depression. I guess I've never really seen that period in time depicted so vividly like that and it made me thankful for what I have. There are so many sad parts that I really didn't know when to cry. I know virtually nothing about boxing, but I thought that part of it was very good. Howard made it easy for the boxing ignorant to understand how and why the fights happened the way they did. If you hate boxing, you might get a bit bored, but overall this is an excellent boxing film and an excellently told and acted story as well.
5|16006|This is a great movie, period! My #1 all-time favorite. One has to UNDERSTAND the story to follow along.This is a great movie for young people. I cannot fathom some of the junk rated above this movie. This is a classic theme of guilt, and the devastation it wreaks upon an otherwise ordinary family. It is the tale of a mis-fit young man (Timothy Hutton) being eaten away with guilt when, during a summer sail on the lake, a storm arises and his handsome, athletic, and supposedly stronger older brother drowns. He blames himself for being unable to save his brother, and his mother, (a great Mary Tyler Moore performance) who idolized his brother, practically comes out and says she would rather the other brother had survived. This intensifies the guilt, and he attempts suicide to try to make the pain go away.His father (another superb performance by Donald Sutherland) is the typical executive today who in his rush to make a living, and keep up with the Joneses, is basically clueless at the turmoil his son is going through, and it takes a suicide attempt by his son to get his attention. Judd Hirsch also gives a capital performance as Hutton's psychiatrist. In the end, he sees the mother's coldness as a danger to their son, and comes to the realization that his love for her is wanning because she is no longer that warm, cheerful girl he married so long ago, and her seemingly aversion to the surviving son is further destroying that love. The father and son finally find a love deep in their hearts they never knew existed, but the mother still unable to let go, and in her grief, and harding heart, leaves. The final scene fading into Marvin Hamlisch's rendition of Pachabel's Canon in 'D' is one of the most poigant endings in cinema.
5|17318|It's not easy to think of a better war movie.Not only are the attempts to finish the sub off very realistic,but the movie did a terrific job establishing the sub captain as soldiers divorced from their fellow German war criminals. 
5|10477|This movie was as good as it gets! Though its not the best, its close to it! If ur in ur early 20's, or a teenager this will defidently make u laugh!
5|5353|If every man were like Atticus Finch,the world would be a much better place.
5|9569|I liked this movie which I thought I was going to hate. I can't relate to some of the scenarios (talk about out an understatement!) but I still found the movie funny and provakative, to say the least.
5|14611|One of the best gangsta movies of all time. It shows the life of South Central LA and has excellent acting performances by Cuba Gooding Jr.
5|1135|SEEMS SO REAL. I WISH I WAS SCARFACE MAKING MONEY.
5|7544|About a bum that was taken off the street and put in the place of a rich guy, and could see anybody could do anything.
5|12260|I absolutely looooove Tom Green! Wacking off a horse is the funniest part!
1|21349|From Justin to Kelly to the toilet. The producers should be shot.
5|14605|This was a great movie about life in the ghetto and the realness of a black man in the hood. But what made this movie stand out is how Trey's father was hard on him and he was the only one to make it out of the hood.
5|6896|One of the funniest movies I have ever seen. I like the part when the people on the island are dunking.
5|7550|More about politics than religion, although the satire really applies to groups based on causes in general.
1|9952|If there is a zero in the rating system, I would give it to this movie. It could be that this is 'the biggest wast of time ever...'. I lost 2 hours of my life watching 'Stupid Movie'.
5|19321|Jake is hot in his goth suit!!! Best movie ever, hard to understand by yourself the 1st time you watch it, so watch it twice! (that must be why i2kdave didn't like it... he's probably too out there to understand the movie). Any ways, don't miss it, cause it's a very important show, if you know what I meen.
5|16012|I loved this movie! The plot is great (though I must admit, though I liked the ending, I didn't like the sequence or some of the camera angles used in it). The acting is great, and the themes of isolation and individuality were really great. The soundtrack was almost in danger of out performing the film itself- the Shins rule, for those who don't already know. And the though they only played it for like 30 seconds, the Iron and Wine cover of Postal Service's From Such Great Heights seemed really cool. If you're gonna see one movie, see this one.
1|22898|One of the most boring sci-fi movies I have ever sat and squirmed through. The encounter was just too close and stifling for me to repeat.
5|2428|scary and good
5|5347|There are few examples of a great book being turned into a greater movie, but I think this is one. Atticus Finch rules!! Tom Robinson is the bomb! Scout and Jem are the best! I tear up like a baby when Scout says Hey Boo at the end. Man, what a great movie.
5|5421|Christmas classic. The feel-good movie of the millenium. I dare you not to cry!
5|7236|Fantastically funny film. Martin the ending makes you warm inside.
5|12512|Update; having seen this excellent film, the soul-love portrayed transcends the sexes of the people involved, and takes us on a human journey of love that, through fear of society's constraints (not God's)they are unable to naturally express. To conform, they get married and in the process hurt more people, yet not so much as they are hurting themselves. A film through which you will experience the depth of their love and understand that love is greater than the two protaganists.Superbly acted. Norainbows, if you didn't understand it, you've got a problem. Not only has this film won the top prizes at Cannes and Venice but the Film Critics and Reviewer's Top Award. It sounds a cracking good film and can't wait to see it. For those who think it's just a gay film..well, above all, it's a love film and for those who think it's misrepresentative of cowboys, what do you think went on when guys were up in those mountains on their own? Louie: King Kong! My fears are confirmed that you have a lot of growing up to do, Louie. 
5|8105|*Giggle* what another fantastic film by the Coen brothers! The main characters work really well together and its such a silly plot. My favourite scene has to be where they go around to the boys house and John Goodman does his You are entering a world of pain and then proceeds to smash up this really nice red sports car and the owner comes out! It is really quirky, but well worth trying to watch. 
5|14163|not since shindlers list have i felt so devastated by a film.truly one of the most effective movies to have ever been made.
5|6128|One of the most well acted movies to ever be produced. Joan Crawford is fantastic in her role as the persecuted wheel chair ridden sister. Victor Buono is magnificent in his role of piano playing lover. But one of the best roles in all of screen hostiry is portrayed by Bette Davis as the psychopathic fiend who is slowly going insane and returning to her childhood. You won't turn it off once it is on. Definitely see this chiller classic.
5|23240|Even better than the first film and I loved that one! The pace is faster and the story is a little darker. All the exposition from the first film is largely out of the way, so they can really concentrate on telling an exciting story. There are some really funny moments to the film...personally I think that Rupert Grint who plays Ron is brilliant! In the one scene where he and Harry follow a trail of spiders through the forbidden forest, he kept whimpering and tugging on Harry's arm, his voice cracking at really humourous moments. Kenneth Brannagh was also very funny as Professor Lockheart, the self obsessed, and icompetent new teacher at Hogwarts. The effects were also well developed...Quiddich looked even more exciting than the first film and the CGI character Dooby was a joy to watch
5|13383|A break from the usual cliches. great !
5|9794|I saw this movie and it was hella funny. Bernie Mac was the man.
5|10852|This movie was the best. Extreamly funny!!
5|21457|This was the first movie where the question was not, Have you seen it? But How many times have you seen it? And usually followed by, Wanna see it again? There is little I can add to the previous comments. It was a ground breaker..It made you want more, but nothing, not even the sequels ever came close.
5|20749|A must-see-to-believe experience!
5|652|Loved it. Have seen it 3 times and will see it another 3 times if given the chance.
5|17683|Leave behind any misconceptions about Indian cinema;this wonderful Satyajit Ray film (the first of the famous Apu trilogy)about a young boy and his poor family in Bengal is far removed from the gaudy extravagant melodramatic Bollywood musicals,and is undoubtedly one of the crowning achievements of World cinema.Winner of the 1955 Cannes festival,it's gently engaging,beautifully observant of nature,imbued with a child's sense of wonderment,as well as deeply lyrical,wise and poetic.Recommended unreservedly,to anyone who prefers contemplative pleasures to breakneck action.
5|22638|I enjoyed the movie very much! It was very exciting. I loved Hugh Jackman's potrayal of Logan/Wolverine. Wolverine had never been my favorite X-men (Gambit has always been my X-Man, I was a bit disappointed to hear his character would not be portrayed in the movie). Don't get me wrong I like all the X-Men. But now thanks to Mr.Jackman, his portrayal has gave Wolverine such sex appeal, that if I were Jean Grey I could not just set him aside. Any way the movie was fantastic!See it if you haven't! (sorry Gambit)
1|2350|WAY too conufusing, not enough action.
1|11705|Bad movie.
5|12923|This is one of the most incredible films I've ever seen. It is easily on my top 5 list of favorite movies and were it not for Forrest Gump, I Think it would have won best picture. IF you have not seen it, do so as soon as possible
5|15080|This was an amazing movie. Great acting, and a great story.
5|23532|I just got back from seeing Spider-Man 2 and it was very good. The danger of waiting to see a movie like this is all the hype and nothing can stand up to that. That said it was not as great as I was led to believe. Couple of scenes seemed a bit over the top and out of place. The rain drops keep falling on my head bit, I could have done with out. Also M.J not appearing during the death march, I mean wedding march was more than a little predictable. A lot of action and many great special effects. No acting Oscars for this but the cast pulled it off. So the wait begins for Spidey 3, do you believe in Hob Goblins?
5|12937|I can't really do this film justice in one short paragraph. Brilliant story (I'm embarrassed to say I have yet to read the Stephen King novel), perfect casting, powerful heartfelt flawless acting and possibly the most uplifting film I have ever watched! If you haven't seen Shawshank Redemption yet, then do so at the earliest opportunity.
5|646|Kubrick almost never misses, and hit his target again in this one. It's about how human beings are transformed into killers. Some learn the lesson a little TOO well, as we see at the end of the first half. The second half shows the results of the transformation. FMJ is a rich and powerful anti-war statement: it amuses me to no end that the right-wingers on here completely missed the point.
5|17697|Probably in my top 3 horror flicks of all time. This movie will scare the bejesus out of people who watch it for the first time. Timeless horror scenes, suspense, and mystery. John Carpenter is the man when it comes to horror. I highly recommend this to anybody's collection.
5|16589|Denzel, Is too much. He is the best.
5|5804|12 Angry Men follows the court case of a young boy who is accused of murdering his father. Extremely well acted with Henry Fonda as the sole questioner of the boy's guilt until the end. Entire movie takes plae in one room.
5|21325|Love it, love it, love it. Silly and campy? You betcha. Does that matter? Hell no! Great live performances from the Ramones. This soundtrack is great, and Riff Randall is a great character.
5|20985|This movie is the perfect combination of good music and good entertainment. The movie is never boring and it makes you feel good at the end. Every song in the film is excellent as well.
5|120|anthony hopkins was truly amazing in this movie ..his voice was really freaky. he really deserved the oscar..it was really scary and it was made beautifully from the book..much better than its sequel
5|7975|I love robin williams... he is a comedy genius he can make me laugh forever!
1|11077|Multiple Personality Disorder is not a laughing matter! It is a mental illness! People actually suffer from it! This movie just pokes fun at people who do. They should have at least tried to keep the humour tasteful and attempted to RAISE AWARENESS about a disorder that has caused so many people pain.
5|12089|the movies going to be kick-ass i saw the trailer and read about it and it'll be better than the first
5|2825|One of the best James Bond movies!! A must for Bond lovers :) 
5|108|Breathtaking and unrivaled till date. Dark, creepy, unmoving and lifetaking. Well hello Clarice! Hideous, murderous, cannibalistic and hungry. Do you think I am evil?
5|15916|Me and my mom both cried. There wasn't a dry eye in the whole theater. Ryan Gossling is sooooooooo hot!
5|7785|I do not like golf or hockey, and I'm not a fan of Adam Sandler. Nevertheless, I still thoroughly enjoyed this movie. There were few sexual references, although the language was a bit harsh. I think that it says a lot about the main character (Happy Gilmore), that he did something that he did not want to do to help his family. It was a comedy with character, and compoletely deserving of my five stars!
5|22162|One of my favourite films! OK it took on a difficult plot but it handled it pretty well despite a few logic gaps, although I wish they'd worked something else out for when Neo comes back to life at the end. But enough of that. Fanatastic innovative use of special effects, the baddest fight scenes I can ever remember seeing in a film, a dash of mysticism with Morpheus, The One, the Oracle, a great bad guy in Agent Smith and action scenes that blow your mind. This film will be THE benchmark for action flicks for the next twenty years.
1|14899|Aside from one humorous scene involving a rocking chair and the occasional cute moment, this movie is not enjoyable in the slightest. The acting is too low-key and very angst-ridden. The plot is wholly uncreative, very cynical, and borders on nihilistic. The battle scenes are terribly done, and the gore factor kills them completely. And, the movie drags on for way too long. Even the historical aspects of this film cant redeem it in the slightest. Rene Auberjonios (Star Trek Deep Space Nines Odo) plays an interesting characterwho is killed. That is also not a good thing.
1|12230|America is totally f***ked when sh*t like this is produced for mass consumption.
5|3285|Amazing action slow motion shots.
5|18598|Scary as hell! I love Bruce Cambell! The first ED was scary,ED2 was scary-funny, and AOD was a riot!I suggest everybody see this movie if you like deadites
1|12224|Freebird is right about one thing; I am glad I only rented this. Very boring, and extremely disorganized. Ray Romano's comic talents quickly gave way to a poorly written script, and extremely cliched jokes about politicians. I didn't even know which one to route for in that election; neither one seemed any better or worse than the other.
5|17873|The voices send a chill up and down your spine. The power of the Devil is always a great movie theme.
5|5838|THE best American motion picture of them all! Not GONE WITH THE WIND, not CASABLANACA, not THE WIZARD OF OZ. This film takes the cake! Orson Welles can only be described as a genius, not only of the technical aspect, but of showmanship as well. I advise everyone to go out and rent of buy the DVD of this film. It has to be one of the best DVDs out there.
1|24796|They did not follow the plot of the book, they did not have all the charracters from the book, where the hell was Mekare, the real Queen of the Damned? Jesse and Lestat did not, nor will they ever end up together. Where was Louie? He was supposed to be kissed by Lestat before Lestat ever went out on stage. Armand was not blonde, is not blonde, and never in his everlasting life will he ever BE blonde! He is russian, with long red-brown hair. Pandora never died, she still lives out her existance hating and loving what she is. Where as Lestat's mother, Gabriel? She should have at least had a MINOR part in the movie! This movie is one of the worst I have ever seen. Every copy should be burned. 
5|7949|so many levels 
5|23268|Great Classic with effects far in advance of their day. Still find it very watchable and moody. Forget the plot - this was the Matrix of the 50s - Man or machine - Who's the Ghost in the machine? What does it mean? Like the Matrix you will find many threads to follow and draw your your own conclusions
5|7791|this movie is soo funny! i could watch it over and over again and not get tired of it. if u havent seen it yet, YOU HAVE TO RENT IT!!!!
5|22176|A new mythology for a new generation. Own it. Watch it again and again and just wish that someday, you, too, will find and follow the white rabbit.
1|7566|Marking a sad turn in the Python franchise, from PG to the R rating. Believe me, the really bad profanities are nowhere near as brilliant as the fish-slapping dance of saying Ni! Avoid this one and stick with their older stuff instead.
1|14133|I just got so pissed while watching it that I couldn't stand to see the screen anymore. I just wanted to leave the theatre.
1|22481|Trekkies *shudder*
1|6678|Went to the movies to watch this and couldn't see a thing, what a waste of money!!!!
5|10649|Very good film. I had been anticipating this picture heavily ever since I had fallen in love with Thora Birch in American Beauty. I was not dissapointed with this movie which is based off a sorely under appriciated graphic novel of the same title. This movie takes place following the graduation of two teenage girls who have always planned on moving in together and being forever friends. Their pleasure is scrutinizing and making fun of strangers. One day they are reading the personals and come across one that a man has placed seeking a woman he met on a plane ride. The two girls find this utterly pathetic and deside to call him, pretending to be the woman, set a date, and then go watch him as the date never shows up. Thora's character then becomes curious about the man (Steve Buscimi) and slowly grows attached as her best friend slowly grows away from her. Thora is in top form in this bitter comedy. She has mastered the bitter girl and I can't wait to see her in her next film.Simplistic in form and mature in subject. VERY good movie. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
5|10891|Whoes idea was it to put this film under comedies? This is no comedy. It is one of the most original and beautiful love stories I have ever seen put on film. The performances from every member of the cast (and i mean every member!) are stellar and beyond expectation for such an eighties film starring John Cusack ( remember, One Crazy Summer and countless other shlock crap eighties comedies) this was definatley a change of pass for John Cusack who used this film as a vehicle to establish himself as the talented actor that he is.Ione Skye, yea, this was one of those films she was in and gave a believable performance in before she vanished into obscurity. A light hearted yet moving romantic film about a high school graduate who finally gets up the nerves to ask out the girl of his dreams who hppens to be an over acheiving rich girl who has a very attached father. We'll of course sparks happen and they fall in love and conflict arrise and are resolved by the end of the film. Rest assured it is more entertaining than that. Like Glorybox mentioned, Say Anything contains one of the most classic moments in cinema history. The In Your Eyes Stero scene. This film is about a thousand times better than Cameron Crowes other three films and after watching it once, is addictive. Like heroin. See Trainspotting if you don't know what i am talking about. Say Anything is HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for anyone with a heart and a taste for good romance.
5|4273|An absolute classic. Not to be missed. They don't make Disney films like this anymore. Beautiful and touching, it's essential to todays movies. I've watched it 3 times before, and I still like it. (No I'm not 7 years old). Do not miss. Summary: A CLASSIC, ESSENTIAL TALE THAT CANNOT BE MISSED. 
5|15731|This is a gripping, fast-paced movie rife with thought-provoking layers. Al Pacino is simply superb! The writer and director have successfully translated a seemingly dry subject matter and made it quite interesting. The 2hr and 30 minute movie explores all the moral and corporate dilemmas faced by the main characters without getting bogged-down in minutia. The piece moves quickly, builds to a climax, and immerses the viewer in the full complexity of the decisions made by all the participants. With the subtlety of a sledgehammer, this movie drives home the impact media company mergers have on the quality of news and information we all receive. The Insider has Best Picture written all over it.
5|6464|This movie has it all, Charlton Heston playing Mexican, Orson Welles bloated, sweaty performance as Hank Quinlan and a gang forcing weed on poor Janet Leigh. It also has that really superb long shot in the beginning that goes on forever. This film is just plain entertaining.
5|13340|I don't know why.. but I like this movie. :)
5|14349|This movie shocked me to no end- firstly because its in-depth, graphic look in the far-reaching use of drugs in America and secondly because the acting was incredible. By far one of the most depressing films ever but obviously the point of this film is not to entertain. It is an unconventional, disturbing piece meant to cause you to think. This film dragged me through so many emotions from disgust to empathy to nausea to extreme sadness. It is clearly not a mvie for the faint of heart as the depiction of these character's lives is relentless and painful. But its acting is magnificent and its storyline touches a deep chord in the heart.
5|15057|How in the world the Golden Globes could have paid homage to American Beauty and not Girl, Interrupted and to Winona is beyond me. This was a touching film filled with interesting characters --- its was positive despite the harsh topics it presented.
5|12738|Wow--this documentary is well-researched and enlightening. Only the extreme right would hate it, because it violates what they believe: The rich corporations should get away with anything and everything, at the costs of the environment, animals, consumers, stock holders, and society as a whole. I will only drink soy milk or organic milk as a result of watching this. See this movie--and be prepared to get angry and demand changes. One of the most telling things about this movie is how it dissects modern corporate behavior and compares its attributes to that of a psychopath. Grim stuff---essential viewing! 
5|4515|This is one of the best and most memorable of the older Disney animated feature length films. I still go completely misty when I see the part about Bambi's mother. The voice of Thumper is one of the cutest ever used in an animated film. A must-have for any Disney film collector.
5|691|I rember the series from the 60s and I was so glad this film didn't disappoint. Keeps the urgency going throughout.
5|17640| El Mariachi intrigues me...in some ways it seems cheap and hokey, like a homemade video, but it still mesmerizes me with its portrayal of gangland border drug culture that smashes headlong into the life of an innocent young mariachi who wants nothing more than to be allowed to play his guitar and sing... Definitely an entertaining flick! 
5|4501|For those of us who regularly watch Disney movies (my brother loves them, so every time I new one comes out, I see it), we got totally spoiled with a string of really great ones. This was the last of that string. Finally, we get a Disney heroin who actually does something besides look beautiful, get kidnapped or put to sleep or whatever, and get rescued by some man. It was well-made, had some very memorable music, and had it's share of laughs. The kids will love it, and most of the adults I know enjoyed it, too. Take care, everyone!
1|24769|one name--LL Cool J-should tell you how good this film is.
5|19679|And the Oscars go to Jeepers Creepers for makeup and special effects!!!
5|2170|Set it back 500 years and this is the stuff of Shakespeare. The detailed story of Neil McCauley (Robert DeNiro), trying to run a robbery while dealing with a psychopath who was once in his gang, and Vincent Hanna (Al Pacino), the cop who will do anything to stop him. By far Michael Mann's best film, this complicated film with so many details, so many stories, is powerhouse stuff. Not to mention the cast! DeNiro, Pacino, Val Kilmer, Jon Voight, Ashley Judd - - if you haven't seen this film you can't call yourself a movie fan. The whole film pulls you in, and it has the best bank robbery scene I've seen. See Heat now. Summary: A COMPLICATED POWERHOUSE FILM THAT PULLS YOU IN. 
5|18567|Oooh, this is another creepy film that we children of the 80's grew up with! Something about that little girl and the TV set still makes the hair on the back of my neck stand up to this day.
5|13432|Forrest Gump has it all. It is a dramatic, comedic, action filled movie. Tom Hanks is exceptional as Forrest Gump. The story is a flashback into the sixties and seventies with a super soundtrack that defines that era.
1|2387|I'm sorry to say but I really hated this movie. It was predictible, annoying and not thrilling at all. The directing was the worst thing about this movie. This movie is a waste of time!
5|9025|Definately a different type of comedy... and certainly John Cusack at his best! This movie is so hilariously funny and as others have said, extremely quotable. I'm a girl and I loved this movie. So women, don't assume this is a boys only movie. It may have silly humor that men would normally like better than women, but it's also got its romance in there too.
5|15043|I thought this film did an excellent job of connecting the viewer with the actors. It left me emotional. It kept me involved. I wanted to really meet the characters and help fix them.
5|22189|This movie had everything: plot, martial arts, story, and special effects. In touch with reality. Presented ideas and future thinking.
5|6470|Another fantastic film in John Wayne's portfolio of magnificent films.
5|9743|Very funny. Lots of physical comedy. I just like how everyone turns out to be an assassin. Matthew Perry as a henpecked, skittish dentist was good too.
5|5179|fine film.
5|10885|I'm going to punch you in the ovaries. Will Ferrel is hilarious and this movie is great. It did feel slow at points, but it was worth it to sit through those parts. I don't think I have ever laughed as hard in a theater as I did during the big fight scene. Brick you killed a man. 
5|3508|I was really looking forward to seeing this movie and my expectations were unmistakingly rewarded. Although I would have liked to have seen more races, what lacked in action made up for in cars, wow I saw some amazing machines esspecially the one that Paul Walker's character drives (the bright green beauty) that is eventually destroyed by a very convincing enemy johnny. The plot was a little slow and the ending was not what I hoped, but again Vin Diesel made up for that. I don't believe the director could have chosen a better king of the road. I'm really looking forward to the sequel. 
5|21480|I first saw this movie in third grade, I told my friend about it and now we can't get enough of Star Wars. We were both excited over the new release of the Phantom Menace, we got action figures and books, you name it we have it, I cannot wait until 2002 until the next movie comes out.
5|4267|This movie was outstanding and such a great movie for children to watch. The Dwarfs were cute and loveable to watch especially DOPEY! He was so funny and his pointed ears just wants to make you smile. Of course in just about every movie this is a source of evil and that was Snow White's step mom. How truly evil she was. How on earth why would a mom kill her child just to be the most fairer in the world. Overall it was incredible to watch.
5|8475|Good summer movie that came out. I laughed alot and liked this move better than the first one.
1|20241|Oh god,plz end the series right now.They only had a few good sequels to the series.This one is one of the worst.Horrible,and I mean HORRIBLE acting by the lead character at the end.I was actually laughing at her slipping on mud and pretending to cry.The ending was so bad and so stupid.,The deaths are still the same which are getting kinda tiresome now.Reggie is the annoying plastic spider doofus.Plz don't see this movie.Its terrible!
1|10382|Working Girl has got to be the worst Harrison Ford movie ever made. The movie is like listening to girl talk for 2 straight hours. It's like the designing women movie. The plot is simple: Sigourney Weaver is a mean and greedy boss of a man and a woman, and the woman is Griffith in her mindless role.
5|1337|An absolutely fantastic debut from Tartintino with an iron clad fantastic cast and very sharp plot and editing with funky music to boot. Its very slick, very violent and keeps your eyes glued the whole way through. I never tire of this film.
1|18906|You're kidding right
5|6458|Brilliant, underrated noir film by Welles in which he gives one of the great screen performances as Hank Quinlan, the skilled, but corrupt cop.
5|10675|VERY FUNNY ADAM SANDLER IS GREAT I LOVED THAT MOVIE VERY GOOD MOSTLY ALL THE PARTS WHERE FUNNY.
5|18229|the Shape says that Sam Raimi's Evil Dead II is less a sequel than it is a remake/expansion of the ideas in his original 1982 low-budget shocker Evil Dead, a movie that was billed as horror but had enough elements of humor to almost qualify it as some kind of deranged comedy. Evil Dead II works on the exact same premise as the original, but it puts the comedy front and center, turning the film into a raucous blood-and-guts riff on the Three Stooges (which Raimi has admitted was a major influence on his work). Slapstick comedy has always been based on some form of pain and violence, and Raimi simply takes it to the next logical level. So, rather than simply getting poked in the eyeballs or bopped on top of the head a la the Three Stooges, in Evil Dead II eyeballs get popped out of their sockets and fly across the room and land in people's mouths. The violence in Evil Dead II is extreme in both its gruesome detail and its sheer volume, but it is impossible to take seriously because it is so over-the-top and ridiculous. Heads are lopped off with shovels, hands are sawed off with chainsaws, bodies are dismembered, headless corpses run amok, gallons and blood and bile spew from holes in a wall--yet all of it is designed and filmed in lavishly cartoonish proportions that lend all the proceedings a slightly surreal quality. The whole film is an assault on the sense that it also very, very funny. If Evil Dead II is slightly better than its predecessor, it is because it is slightly more daring and outrageous. The first Evil Dead was an exceptionally well-made low-budget horror film based on one idea. It essentially ran out of steam near the end, which made it all the more obvious how simplistic it was. Evil Dead II is not much different, but Raimi's stronger focus on the comedic aspects of his material raises it to another level,and thats all the Shape has to say about that!!1 
1|8682|It sucked...not a funny movie.
5|875|This movie was great. The plot was fantastic. The little boy did a wonderful job portraying a person who could see dead people. The best part was the ending and you find out.....
1|24741|I agree with 'The Slacker'...AND... there was way too much of Halle's overrated ass and not nearly enough of her acting in this movie. But...oops...I forgot...she can't act.
5|2158|More than a movie. The sense of journey, of transformation for good to evil, sane to insane is both believable and surreal. Saw the redux version recently, loved the scene on the lost French plantation and the Frenchmans angry, passionate description of French paratroopers knowingly - willingly - jumping to certain death at Dien Bien Phu, the only way a jumper should die.
5|5637|An Alfred Hitchock classic - great performances from James Stewart and Grace Kelly. One of the most suspenseful scenes on film when the Kelly character goes to snoop in the apartment across the way whne its owner( Raymond Burr) returns unexpectedly.
5|19889|This movie is great. It is vulgar and offensive but it's just a movie! I would probly have to say that this is the funniest movie I have ever seen.
1|16095|After reading the book (which was OK), and seeing a list of cast members (Natalie Portman, Stockard Channing, Ashley Judd, Sally Field), I thought that this movie had some potential. Boy, was I wrong! It was awful from the start. In fact, it was so bad in so many ways that I started fast-forwarding in the hope that I'd get to something at least watchable. I never did. The acting was crummy, and the story didn't translate very well. I noticed that this movie got a one-star rating in my local paper, and I can definitely see why. Don't rent Where the Heart Is under any circumstances!
5|1451|Tarantino takes all the best from the martial arts genre and packs it into one great, tongue-in-cheek classic.
1|11922|Lopez has no talent.
5|8313|I love this movie, naoi2753om I should swallow your soul! Silent Bob(Kevin Smith) Almost has a god! rateing with me. This movie is among my top ten. Kevin Smith Picked a target that was well worth it. Alanis Morrisette is the best reprensentation of God that i have seen to this date. The Ill Equipped angels (Ben Affleck and Matt Damon) Gave a great preformance. (labr8631om Bob spoke twice No Ticket thanks On the train and and at the end of the movie to god) please people do your homework But I do Belive in this -Matt Damon 
5|9019|I want my $2!
5|1445|QT does it again!
5|8307|What can I say, I like stupid movies.
5|12710|I thought this movie was funny. He actually had 3 teams of fact checkers and 2 teams of lawyors go through the whole movie to assert everything was fact. I do however agree with he uses his biased opinion to present his information. But that's what biased film makers do. I don't agree with everything he says, but we need someone like this to oppose the common belief and to open minds in our society. And hey, it won an Oscar, it can't have been that bad. I thought the film was very entertaining. No it's not about guns ultimately, it's about the US being a culture of fear, and guess what guys. I'm from Australia and I've lived in the US for 3 years now. It is a culture of fear. He was right. 
5|7034|This is my favorite comedy, and possibly movie, of all time. There are great lines and hilarious scenes. After graduating from high school, I really identified with Ferris and his day-off !
5|861|The most vivid memories! My favorite recent movie. It was not scary, but more of a psychological thriller.
1|24755|Ridiculously pathetic.Two thumbs down.
5|17668|A couple is going home after a night on the town when they see a woman chased by thugs. The husband drives off without calling police. The wife is astounded that she could be married to a guy so callous. She visits the girl in the hospital the next day. She nurses the girl back to health. And while doing so gets the girl to talk and tell her her story. The girl tells her everything even up to the point she comes into the couples life. The woman confesses it was her that left her to be beaten by the thugs and is very sorry because her attitude that night is what has caused her to have the kind of husband and son she has. After that they set into motion a chain of events that leads to a great ending to a great movie. Please see this movie.
5|5623|One of my very favorite Hitchcocks. Metaphorically, it is about the dangers of peering too closely into the dark spaces in others, or indeed into ourselves. Stifling: between the small room, the feeling of being crippled, and the awful muggy summer heat, it makes you sweat like the protagonist, and the buildup to the climax is amazing.
5|16210|I am a big fan of Robin Wright Penn and Bruce Willis. So this movie was a bonus for me to have them both in this movie. I loved this movie. It is one of those films I could watch over and over again. And I will.
5|12076|this movie was hilarious!!!
5|7752|hilarious especially when ever he got pissed off at the ball when it wouldn't go in. Or when he beat the crap out of the guy becuase the ball wouldn't go in the hole he was tryin' but it just wouldn't go in. or when him and bob barker got into a fight and uttered those words that i think everyone wanted to say. -the price is wrong B***H-
1|18912|WHY THE HELL IS THIS IN THE TOP 20
5|13368|It's always amazing to me how liberals always miss the point of this movie- even Tom Hanks disliked the character Forrest Gump. This movie is simply about your most basic Christian belief- about caring for your fellow man and doing was is good- about pursuing happiness in its rightful place. It parallels the lives of two characters Forrest and Jenny. Forrest- dumb as a bag of rocks- processes the realities of life in it's most basic forms no matter how challenging it became he always did what thought was good- what his momma told him. His journey from a crippled child to enlisting in the military and serving in Vietnam, having his best friend die in his arms is riddled with painful events that he turns into positive experiences by doing what is good. Jenny, his love, is also dealt a horrible plot in life being sexually molested as a child. Jenny is brilliant however and ends up going to Berkley living the fads of the era and embarks on a different path. She becomes consumed by fulfilling human desire that eventually consumes her and leaves her perpetually lonely. The point being made here was that human happiness is not satisfied with prurient satisfaction but action of virtue. That this appeal to universal human goods transcended human brilliance- that human happiness was part of something greater. In the end the dummy Forrest fathers a baby with Jenny that brings her only solace in life before she succumbs to AIDS. Though being the dummy the world however is Forrest's oyster where he attains an improbable wealth and happiness that he uses to continually do good. The essence of this movie is defining what is the pursuit of happiness- what is it to be free. Is happiness about satisfying simple earthly wants or is happiness about doing what is right and reaping the benefits? Liberals view the world in such a constricted box that they will consistently miss the beauty of a movie like this. But as Forrest says stupid is as stupid does.
1|10209|Dont waste your money on it and if you are at someones home who owns it and suggests to watch it, dont even waste your time!!
1|16678|What the hell is Adam Sandler doing???He had a promising career in comedy,but he decided to move into deep thought pics just to win an Oscar-what a wus. I'm spending my money on Rob Schnieder.
5|23334|Unlike modern Sci-Fi films, The Day the Earth Stood Still is not about dazzling special effects. It tells a story which is, at its base, biblical -- and the flying saucer aspect is almost incidental. It was a generation ahead of its time and not warmly received by the cold-warriors of the 1950s Hollywood had to tone down the peace-on-earth message, but it's still there. Michael Rennie, a British actor who had hitherto not been seen in America, was ideally cast in the lead precisely because he brought no star baggage with him to a role that combined the intergalactic with the celestial. 
1|3884|Rip off of a Japanese animation Kimba the white lion
5|23|Ever since it's release, Raiders has been the gold standard to which action movies have aspired to.
5|10926|This movie surpassed the origional. I was quite impressed that it was not just a remake of the first one, as the entire setting and atmosphere changed. Kevin McCallister's constant outsmarting of Harry and Marve was hilarious, even better than in the origional.
5|5964|This one is still ahead of today. The one-liners and racy dialogue alone are first-rate! Curtis is really great as a spoof of Cary Grant - men can learn a lot from how he seduces Marilyn, believe it or not. Lemmon is also great - his spastic energy makes the movie purr wonderfully. I'm amazed at the sexual candor. Like Breakfast at Tiffany's, Psycho, and other great movies from the beginning of the 60s, Hollywood was just beginning to explore sex in an adult way. The end line is classic. Anytime you see 2 straight adult male friends in drag (Bosom Buddies), you're seeing this movie.
5|10098|Very funny, especially Norton, Wallach and Forman!
5|726|Harrison Ford did a marvelous job!! :)
5|23452|the cast did a great job..it was a pretty tought movie to do but they pulled it off..hats off to them..really enjoyed this movie..i think this is shyamalans best movie.the concept was really good,. the movie was scary at times and had a tinge of humour in it..absolutely loved it... and the little girl was scary in the movie..hehe\mel gibson and phoenix and the other kid did a good job..shyamalan is the god of sci-fi 
5|12857|The best movie I have ever seen. I can watch it over and over again and every time it has the same effect. Morgan Freeman and Tim Robbins do a great job. Great plot, great acting, great movie.
1|11671|A horrible, useless, unfunny waste of time. It is a shame with two great people like Ben Stiller and Drew Barrymore. Definitely not worthy.
5|22994|Watching this movie is analagous to listening to modernist classical music or observing a painting by Picasso. The film is a work of art and I find myself reflecting upon it occasionally. It works on the level of popular sci-fi and an exsistential puzzler.
5|9186|This movie was great. The idea that there was a half floor and a portal for these people into a man's head was great. The dialogue was wonderful and John Cusak was great.
1|17200|This award-worthy movie is a total disgrace...now we all know that Britney can't sing OR act. Well, what would you expect from a pop star that bases her whole career on lip-synching and her bellybutton? Britney, stop acting but PLEASE don't go back to your day job, either.
5|13585|What can I say... WOW!!
5|24329|Ok, it wasn't as good as the comic book it was based on - but it still stood strongly as far as I was concerned. In regards to Dorian not averting his eyes when Mina showed him his picture, I think that is viable considering he hadn't seen the picture for decades and lets face it, its hard to look away when someone is showing you your soul. The effects were fantastic, I think the people who made The Hulk should check out this film and see what he should have looked like....
1|4641|Very stupid and boring movie!
5|22758|Another masterpiece in Spielberg's massive collection of great titles.E.T. is an 80's icon.
5|5970|A truly uproarious slapstick comedy from the late 50s, Some Like it Hot provides humor on all ends of the spectrum, but is never really dirty! From physical slapstick, verbal jokes, subtle flirt humor and ridicoulous situations. It would be almost impossible not to laugh at least once during this classic!
1|24806|Godawful movie, perhaps the worst of its kind. It's absolutely terrible, the one saving grace is that it's unintentionally hilarious at times. And yet, it's one of those films where, after a while, you'll stop laughing at how bad it is and the depth of how much it sucks will sink in.
5|19916|The last Scream is the best Scream of the trilogy. This movie keeps you in suspense throughout the entire show. You never know who the killer is until the very end, and even then you can't believe a person could do something like that.
5|732|One of my favorite movies of all time. Superb scenery but a little violent. I loved it
5|37|Wow, am i glad to see this movie so high on the publics list. I love this movie and every movie in the trilogy. I am also pleased to see that the DVD for all three movies is coming out in november. This is a great Fictional movie that has the power to excite peopl of all ages. I reccomend this movie to everyone, everywhere of all ages. If you havent seen it see it. And if you have seen it watch it again.
5|17085|This is such a good movie! All the actors play very well, especially Tom Cruise! I love the dramatic feeling this film gave me, in that sense very similar to American Beauty! If you don't know what to do tonight: Go see this excellent movie! :-)
5|2789|I really liked this movie. It had action and stuff and I hate Cameron Diaz (not really) because she is so pretty. Thanx!
1|1077|This movie was horrible! No purpose whatsoever, gruesome scenes, and just horrible situations. I can't believe people actually think of such things. Walked away from the movie with nothing and don't care ever recall it again.
1|24190|I rated Armageddon a 1 b/c it is a heavily hyped movie w/ no plot, no good acting and a sick technology will save us-America can do anything metality!
1|10235|This movie was horrible. Nothing new in this movie, same old girl in the big city. Only thing worth praise were the advertisements.
5|22016|Great movie. They truly did their home work on this one.
5|24467|A great movie with the obvious lesson that no matter where you come from you can still choose to walk a path of virtue. The title character can be harsh but has some quirks that make him lovable. The guy'll drink beer and smoke cigars but will also have milk and cookies with a kid after saving some kittens. I wouldn't recommend this movie for CTVFan. Knowing him he'd rate this movie poorly based on the title alone. But instead he would claim that the movie lacks morals and fails to be family friendly.
5|15862|I watch a lot of movies. I am very opinionated when it comes to movies too. It is very rare for me to find a movie that moves me as much as Magnolia did. I thought is was brilliant. Right from the beginning I was enthralled. I became attached to each characters personal story and how they were all intertwined together. Each story brought out an emotion whether it was funny, sad, pathetic, morbid, or happy. Magnolia is now one of my top 3 movies of all time. I don't know if it was the mood I was in or the setting that I watched the movie but I loved it. If it wasn't so late, I could have watched it over again. It is long so if you rent it, just be prepared for a long movie. It is time well spent though.
5|7829|great movie!
1|5211|no go
5|6289|A true classic....the best anti-war movie ever made. It holds up well with realistic scenes of trench warfare and a first rate story line.
1|10553|Don't even bother watching this piece of crap. Watch the trailer instead it reveals the entire plot. You'll save a couple hours of your life.
5|22770|THE all time classic, above everything else. It hasn't lost any of it's magic since it was first released back in 1982. It's so good, the performances. Steven spielberg and with the effects team and John williams' magic score created a classic!
5|5958|COMEDY CLASSIC! Lemmone and Curtis were great. And a very well written script! Definatly reccomended
5|17913|If a horror movie is able install within you an errie persence and surprise you throughout the picture, it has accomplished its main purpose. The Exorcist is the prime example of what a GOOD horror movie should be. It also helps that the picutre has a reasonable, or dare I say, good plot and brilliant acting (which is also emcompassed inside the exorcist). The film is mesmorizing all the way through. Only few can hold a candle to this great movie classic.
5|5780| I'm crazy about you, baby! says Fred Macmurray passionately to Barbara Stanwyck. This may explain why he throws caution to the wind to develop an ingenious plot to murder her husband and collect the insurance money. The kind of thriller typically described as atmospheric , Double Indemnity is a satisfying tale of suspense and murder with wonderful performances from the two leads and the ever-reliable Edward G Robinson. Billy Wilder directs skillfully and Miklos Rozsa supplies the brooding musical score. Has some wonderful moments - not to be missed!
5|20167|It was cool, it was really scary and really suspensfull, and also sad. Did it ever say why he killed his kids? It took place a little too close to home though, wayne county New York, Just one county east of monroe county!!!
5|5794|Great character study with a superb cast. If you want a movie with action, thrills, suspense, and romance then you won't find it here. But if you want great acting and a storyline that will make you think then this movie is for you. The movie starred Henry Fonda who works hard to convince some jurors that a murder case is not so clear cut. The jurors are a who's who of character actors- Martin Balsam, Lee J Cobb, John Fiedler, Ed Begley, Jack Warden, Jack Klugman and more. A stand-out classic film.
5|22764|One of the best family films of all time. I laughed. I cried, and if you didn't, you really aren't human. This film goes far beyond the realm of science fiction, and touches the heart of any individual. Even today, I am impressed to see such a lasting film. No other film has ever come close to what this film attempted and succeeded at.
5|22002|This is the best movie ever made. Robin Wright is beautiful, the puns are excellent, I couldn't say enough about it. It is my favorite movie of all time.
5|15876|I absolutely love everything about this movie! I can't wait to see the second one.
5|2945|An absolutely wonderful movie. The cinematography is great, and so is the plot. An urban Samurai working for the mafia. You don't get more creative than that! Great acting, wonderful moments, a great soundtrack, simple, but says a lot.
5|19094|This might be the scariest movie I have ever seen. It seemed like I was jumping out my seat every few minutes.
5|11423|Loved this movie! Steve Martin is always great and Kathleen Turner was excellent, too. Very funny lines and story.
5|4307|LOVED IT! The show wouldn't have been anything w/o Eddie Murphy though!
5|20826|Excellent. Best musical put to film ever.
5|13234|kick
1|19588|It's almost embarrasing how bad this horror movie was, because it was liked by teenagers and the critics. Jennifer Love Hewitt was totally silly and unstable in her role, and the rest of the cast was too tired and craweled throughout the whole film.
5|9623|More laughs than I know what to do with
5|24498|Although I'm scratching my head at the PG-13 rating for this tame movie, I must say I enjoyed it throughly (to my surprise, both my parents enjoyed it as well!). As a fan of the cartoon series (I had never seen the first movie), I was not dissappointed. Big aliens, hilarious banter and pop references (from Star Trek to The Weather Channel) are just awesome. Plus, on the DVD, the blooper reel rocks! Highly recommended!
5|15645|Yes, I admit I'm a sappy romantic, but I don't get caught up in many movies that try to be romantic. This one got to me -- I just loved it. I saw it in the theater 5 times.
1|20309|Okay I love horror movies but this movie was really bad. How many times can a movie repeat the whole scream killer sequence. Every killer has to have this long reason on how they kill but none of it makes sense now. Scream is a great movie!! urban legend was alright but what the hell were they thinking making a sequel. I wanna laugh in the face of the director because it is so bad the only person who saves it is the kid that is in me, myself and irene and is the effects maker in the movie. Oh before I forget Pam Grier woman cop I love you!! This is an insult to all horror fans and an insult to all movie-goers.
5|7168|This is one of the most perfect comedies ever made. Chevy Chase is great and this is his best. It is hilarious from start to finish.
5|15123|This movie is fantastic. One of the best movies of the year. You will be inspired by the characters and story. Toby Mcguire is fantastic as the slightly crazy writing student. It will make you want to change your life.
5|12894|Excellent story of an innocent man in prison, and the people around him. I enjoy this movie any time it come on. Tim Robbins is great, and place his character with a good amount of depth. Morgan Freeman is excellent. Stephen King had a great story.
5|6276|I'm stunned that this movie isn't more appreciated here. I'm a big fan of Bogart, but Walter Hustons performance sticks with me most. It definitely makes my all time top ten.
5|9145|THE FUNNIEST MOVIE EVER. IT IS A HOLIDAY CLASSIC AT OUR HOUSE.
5|2010|This is a thrilling movie that has a great plot. Unlike some other thrillers, there is actually a good story. The ending will surprise everyone.
5|17734|If you don't like this movie you have a sickness that only your parents should know about.
5|2004|One of the best horror movies I've ever seen. It had me on the edge of my seat
5|17720|The best horror film instead of blood they use suspence.
5|15137|Very well done movie. Dustin Hoffman is a dad who is very busy with his career he is thrown a curveball when his wife leaves to find herself and is left to take care of his six year old son Billy. What i love about this movie is the dad has to change his priorities and make Billy the most important, All the actors are good. After about 18 months mom comes back and wants to have Billy back there is a bitter custody battle. The very ending is a tearjerker that shows what sacrifice and love is for a child.
5|23485|this is a wonderful movie.i give it 5 stars because of the beautiful creatureRa!
5|12880|Mozda najbolji film koji sam ikad u zivotu pogledala...!!!!!!!
5|22943|Classical music will never be the same again. This is one of the greatest psychological thrillers I've ever seen.
5|6262|Hilarious, zany and fun screwball comedy. Cary Grant and Katherine Hepburn are perfect. Hepburn especially hits a homerun and proved that she could do a screwball comedy. Excellent supporting cast with May Robson, Charles Robson and Walter Catlett.
5|13546|This film is so powerful that I sat down and realized just how much I connect with it. This is a straight up human movie. This is a story for real people. Watching this movie changed my entire outlokk on life. We only have so long to live. We should love life and live it to the fullest. Ricky's bag monolouge nearly brought me to tears. I'll love this movie forever. It deserves to be more than #7 on the list. I highly recommend this movie to anyone. It's deep beauty will touch you the way it touched me. And it's true; sometimes there is so much beauty in the world...
5|6504|One of the best war movies ever made.
1|2595|The only good thing I can say about it is the special effects. Otherwise I don't know what was creepier-the weak story, the gruesomeness or the bad acting. Could've been a lot better-I think the concept was interesting but it fell apart big time.
5|9637|One of the funniest movies ever made! Jim and Jeff were hilarious together. A 5 just isn't high enough for this awesome movie!
5|13220|A superb movie from an excellent book. Not only is the best movie from the 1970's, it's one of the best from any era.
5|8529|I still love this crazy movie. If you ever need a good laugh, this is the one.
5|18375|scariest movie of my life. the cat is evil as hell. eh hah ha ha
5|13208|incredible movie. outstanding job by jack nicholson. a definite must see. i reccomend this to the older crowd.
5|1243|Possibly the best movie I have ever seen...
1|20335|This was the worse of the series. No micheal myers what so ever and has nothing to do with the series.
5|7632|one of the best films i've ever seen
5|5025|We loved seeing this movie today. My 9 year old twins, my 11 year old daughter, my 14 year old son and myself. this was a lot of fun, I am such a fan of Antonio Banderas. The only thing that bugged me (not my kids) was that they forgot to wrap up at the ending the RESCUE of the people the whole movie was about rescuing! Oops but otherwise it was a lot of fun. I've never seen a movie with so many gadgets.
5|17708|Graet one of the best horror films of all time
5|3332|Kung fu and werewolves? What's not to like?
5|901|This movie was very interesting, I had to use a lot of my thinking.
5|8267|Young Cohen brothers made good stuff even back in the day.
1|11856|Unless you enjoy watching a grumpy, drunk, jerk say the f word every 5 minutes, then I do not recommend this movie. Billy Bob plays such a miserable character it makes the movie painful to watch. Then in the last scene when he tries to redeem himself its too little too late, and seems way too unlikely that such a loser would FINALLY develope any sort of compassion. Dont waste your time.
5|7154|National Lampoon's Vacation is a true comedy. I laughed all the way thru it...never a dull moment. Chevy Chase was hilarious, but the true star of this movie was obviously Beverly D'Angelo, an underrated actress who ALWAYS does a superb job in any movie role she takes on. Vacation makes you feel like you are actually on vacation from the real world for an hour and a half, and the ride isn't half bad. A great comedy that is already a classic...highly recommended....UPDATE- I would have to agree with GoneAway somewhat, I have felt like vacations I have been on have been just like this. Well not identical, but I have definately had some really bad vacations over the years...
1|21995|had some funny moments, but overall, this movie isn,t holding up very well.
5|14201|Absolutely positively the best period piece ever! Best love won lost! Best inspiration for women wishing to kick butt in a man's world.
5|9179|a great film all around. when the film started i was wondering what would happen if malkovich went into his own portal. i didnt think it would happen but he did. the scene after is amazing as is the scene in his subconcious. an instant classic, one of my favorites, a must see for anyone who is looking for something different. the ending is awesome, i wont spoil it for anyone who hasnt seen it. no doubt that this is a 5 out of 5.
5|8273|After I saw this movie, I started driving by convenience stores that were not on the way home
5|7140|Mel Brooks is a comic genius. Blazing Saddles always makes me smile cheese.
1|10584|So stupid and juvenile this film is! I can't believe that this was based on Shakespeare! This movie was too cheesy for me to withstand! (And I usually like bad B-grade movies too!)
5|5757|Yes, yes, yes, fantastic movie. Hitchcock's 4th best and in the Top 50 for sure. Best movie of the 40 besides Double Indemnity and The Great Dictator (see those movies). Interesting plot, best Cary Grant and Ingrid Bergman performances of their careers. (woooo! casablanca! play it again, sam! no, she's better in notorious!). Claude Rains is particulary great as well but his performance in Mr. Smith... could be better. I wish I were more opinionionitive.
5|2038|This is one of the best suspense thrillers of all time. I felt uncomfortable from the opening scene.
5|915|This movie freaked me out as a kid. The music by John Williams really adds to the mood. It makes it more suspenseful since the shark isn't shown until 1 hr 20 min into the movie! Speilberg did excellent directing this movie and Scheider, Dreyfull, and Shaw helped make this movie into a classic film that will be viewed for many generations.
5|2986|Dumb fun at its most enjoyable, though the stars of the film are the skydiving and surfing sequences. Keanu Reeves squeeze isnt up to much though.
5|16364|i can admit it: i cry every time i watch this movie. i loved kevin spacey, and as a whole found the movie to be very moving.
5|5031|It was like an animated Car Wash meets Sopranos. Tons of laughs and lessons for the kids. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
1|13933|I gotta agree with dark. Not a very good movie at all. It promotes the idea that it is okay to abandon your buddies and friends during a time of war. It was long and it was boring. The scenary was beautiful, but I just can't get over the fact that I invested three hours of my life and $7 (US!) to watch this worthless flick. But, what can you expect from Kevin Costner, one of the most untalented, over-rated hacks of all time. He has made very little that is actually watchable.
5|6538|Truly a spectacular film. It has an umatched blend of tragedy and comedy, romance and drama. This film also was one of Chaplain's last attempts to bring the fall of the talkies. Not to mention, this picture which not only stared but was directed by the Little Tramp proved Chaplain can do more than just simple slapstick.
5|12102| I'll be right back, right now I gotta go SPANK MY MONKEY! Need I say more? Never saw it. I just remember that line from the preview and thought Brendan did a good job delievering that line. That was the only part that made me laugh into hyperventalate. Go see it I guess. I never did.
5|7626|An endlessly watchable film. A great cast makes this movie engaging from start to finish. Wonderful music and beautiful cinematography.It'll have you humming the songs and quoting the lines for a LONG time! These guys, the Coens, are just plain geniuses.
1|3338|JET LI CANT FIGHT. HES A BUM.
5|23888|Fantastic! I saw this film a long time ago (and now own it) and was taken aback. It seems to me that people seem to miss out on one of the main issues of the film though. Eventually we will be able to genetically engineer our children, but there is one thing you cannot change - what you feel, what you think and what you aspire to do. Ethan's character is an 'invalid', created naturally, meant to be destined to clean up after 'valids'. He believed he could do more - and did. You can take this film as strictly being a scientific viewpoint of the future - but it goes further. Like Alice in the rabbit hole. Watch it again and you'll see what I mean. 
5|23650|Great action and soundtrack. Well acted, despite Keanu Reeves' presence. Surpised Monica Belluci's role didn't require her to runn around half naked in it. Gloria Foster (the Oracle) will be missed. 
5|524|Goodfella's is one of my favorite movies. It is well writeen and well acted by Robert DiNiro and Joe Pesci. It is a classic gangster movie that everyone should see. 
5|21047|the best: Negative Love Sydrome
5|21721|Amazing trilogy and this third one is really lovely....great tolkien and great Jackson
5|3871|When I first saw the movie I fell in love with it. I love timone and pumba. Now that my 2 year old son has seen all 3 he had to have a stuff simba and watchs the movies all day. This movie is great for the whole family
5|242|Gory, violent, and often crude, but very dramatic and powerful! Very long, but the acting and story make it worth every minute. One of the greatest action movies of all time.
5|8924|I found this movie hysterical on many levels. I loved the beginning, which pokes fun at the Star Trek people. (If you've read any of the biographies, you'll know that that's pretty much how Shatner was, afterword) Guy makes this movie work, being the figurative red-shirts from the Star Trek: Original series. You know them, their lines went something like, Captain, I think I've found something. AAAAAAHHHHHH!!!! Red was NOT a good color on that show.
5|23136|This movie is awesome. I have seen a thousand times, but it never stops entertaining me. It's just the whole idea of magic and castles done in such a fasinating way. I also love Bowie he is so great in this movie and oh my god girls check out his pants!
5|14942|And just what are some of you basing your opinions of this movie being historically incorrect? Were you all there during the events? The importance of the movie lies not in 100% accuracy, but in the real story of a young Nations' fight for independence. It shows the heart and soul of the men and women who sacrificed everything so you could live free today. With all the crap being generated in Hollywood today, nothing more than eye candy, it was nice to be treated to an interactive experience, where what was being said was as important as what was being done. Any American, with a sense of pride in their Country, will be able to watch this movie and be proud of their heritage.
5|6909|Released in 1980, Airplane! is the classic Zucker-Abrahams-Zucker parody of the disaster movies that were all the rage during the 1970's (eg Towering Inferno, The Poseidon Adventure and obviously the airplane crash movies). Our hero is ex-military pilot Ted Striker (Robert Hays) who is now afraid of flying; however, he chases down his estranged girlfriend who is a stewardess, Elaine Dickinson (Julie Hagerty). During the flight, food poisoning knocks out the flight crew and many of the passengers forcing Striker to fly and land the plane. Helping Striker are glue-sniffing controller McCroskey (Lloyd Bridges), his old military captain Rex Kramer (Robert Stack), and Dr. Rumack (Leslie Nielsen) who just happens to be on board the flight and did not eat the fish. With this structure, the film goes through constant puns, slapstick, and outrageous dialogue along the lines of The Naked Gun as our heroes must deal with an uncooperative autopilot, screaming passengers, a singing nun, religious zealots, and all the other stereotypes from the disaster genre. To catch all the gags, multiple viewings are necessary as usually there is something going on in the background that is often missed the first go-round. The bottom line is that, for good or ill, Airplane! is the film that started this type of over the top parody film and for that reason (if no other) this movie is a landmark release. You've got clearance Clarence; roger Roger, what's our vector Victor?
5|23122|My favorite movie of all time...great for any age. A classic! My first crush as a little girl was David Bowie as Jareth, the Goblin King. Even today I still get giddy when I watch.
5|21735|Another one of my favourite films from last year. Peter Jackson please take a bow for delivering one of the greatest three cinematic films of all time. The Lord of the Rings trilogies are going to be remembered for many years to come. Where some films fail to make the third or second part of their sequels deliver, all three of The Lord of the Rings films equally delivered. They excited the audiences and most importantly remained true to the book.
5|256|This was a movie that touched your heart. Just how Mel Gibson portrayed William Wallace was outstanding and it just made you hate the British after that movie.
5|530|I thought that Goodfellas was a great movie with a great cast. I thought it was as good as the book, lots of action, and a little comedy. I thought they also did a good job portraying the Mob.
1|2032|I hated it. It sucked dick. I really hated it. I liked it when they had sex. I liked a lot of the crazy stuff.
1|20862|I have never liked this movie, and wish it wuld just go away. John Ravolta (no, that is not a TYPO!) is the most annoying actor of all time. he can't act, and can't dance. How this movie is considered a classic is beyond me!
5|23644|another outstanding movie!! Didn't match up fully to the first, but still was a great movie
5|518|One of the very best ganster films ever made. Totally watchable, superb direction from Scorsese, first class acting all round especially from De Niro and Joe Pesci. Brilliant music and superb editing. 
5|5582|Greatest movie of all time. Humphrey Bogart's best movie. Mixed together a perfect combination of love, deceit, war, and a trace amount of humor. Appropriate for people of all ages but younger humans may not understand it to the full extent this deserves. Ingrid Bergman was very good in this. The loveable singer Sam added lots of drama to the movie becuase usually when a key scene occurred he played music.
5|13977|This film was simply brilliant. Matt Damon and Ben Affleck wrote this story when they were struggling young actors and wanted to break into the industry and they wrote a simple story set in their hometown of Boston and some of the main characters based on their Irish-American roots. People who accussed this story of being too simple overlooked what makes a great film which is the heart and soul of characters, a well written script and intelligent dialogue that seems to be lacking in many films today. That monologue that the Professor delivered to Will at the lake was one of the most gripping, moving and emotional speeches I've ever heard on film and that alone made this movie stand out.
1|10751|Worst remake ever
5|7395|I have nipples. can you milk me? Ben stiller and Robert DeNiro are fantabulous in this movie. It was great to see Robert take a break from the tough guy roles and do something as funny as this movie was. I'm just hoping that Meet The Fockers will be as good! 
5|6935|This movie runs at five gags a second. Aside from one or two distasteful gags, the movie is great, full of puns, jokes and visual gags. Even more amusing is Barbara Billingsley's cameo as a jive-spearker. Oh and remember they're running on instruments (music plays) :)
5|22214|Wow! that's the only accurate description. Makes you really think. the less you know the first time you see it, the better the movie is!
1|14251|i thought this film was absolutely rubbish and had no reason tyo be enjoyed by the viewer. i have my opinion so dont care if u others enjoyed it becaus ei didnt
1|12620|Hated it.
5|21709|The best lotr so far! Absolutely brilliant! It's Peter Jackson's croening achievment. Any who rated this lower than five stars can go to hell.
1|7610|This is perhaps the worst movie I have ever seen. I read the review in my local paper. It touted this as a wonderful comedy where you'll laugh from beginning to end. It's two years later now, and I'm still waiting for my first laugh. Let me give you some honest advice, though. If you like the Coen Brothers, this is classic Coen. If you think their stuff is boring, this is the most boring of them all.
5|18188|Dawn of the Dead is the crown jewel of George Romero's 'Dead' trilogy. Whereas Night of the Living Dead was a fun, campy and almost comical flick, Dawn of the Dead is much more insidious. Unlike NOLD, where the story is more or less confined to those trapped in the farmhouse, in Dawn we see the Zombie plague - and accompanying panic - spread like wildfire across the country in the first few scenes. From there, Dawn takes viewers on a journey where the main characters seek refuge from the flesh eating rampage in a deserted shopping mall. The characters attempt to ward off intrusion from the flesh eating monsters by building barracades but eventually lose when an army of looters targets their fortress and blasts open the entrances. Dawn has it's share of gore and special effects although I find it to be more of a thriller type movie than a pure horror flick. Well done! Dawn of the Dead remains one of my favourite movies of all time.
5|1096|I loved this movie, I found out that me and al have so much in common, not only cocaine but i rented a tux for prom that looked just like that beach outfit he was wearing in the first scene of the movie.
5|22200|Undoubtedly the best and most thought provoking, fantastically acted and electronically manipulated futuristic film of today.
5|22566|Batman was just one of your typical superhero movies that you can enjoy. I thought that Tim Burton did a good job on emphasizing the darkness of Batman's character.
1|10745|my friends said this was the funniest movie ever. I watched it and had no clue what they were talking about. It had an extremley dissapointing ending, such bad humor, and some bad acting by good actors.
5|7381|I can't wait to see the new one. This was the funniest movies I have seen in a long time.
5|1928|Face/Off is dope. Nicholas Cage is a good actor. Every scene is interesting, always has action in it. Very dramatic.
1|3310|This movie wasted my time. It overused the camouflage face mask routine. It totally demeaned the black lead actress, and it had no depth, just technology.
1|16334|For the REAL truth of this disgusting portrayal go to www.letgodbetrue.com and read The Animated Crucifix. Total blasphemy. The Word of God tells us if any presents to us another Jesus other than the Jesus of the Bible we are to refuse it. Jesus was not a long haired sissy mommas boy. Mary had nothing to do with His work on earth and she had to be saved just like any other. She is dead and in her grave now. She has no power and no authority. This was nothing but a pathetic lie and commercial for the twisted perverted catholic demon doctrine from hell. Woe to those who add or take away from the word of God. This was pure fiction and catholic supstitions and fables. Only the totally Biblical illiterates could believe this garbage.
5|24117|A fun summer blockbuster.
5|23678|One of the best ever.
5|4850|A great surprise! A non-Disney G-rated movie and its a laugh riot as well. Patrick Stewart voices the main villian, who steals parents and leaves our hero and his friends marooned on Earth. After eating too much candy and partying too much, they go into space to save the day. Highly recommended for all!
5|5596|This movie is great for many reasons. Many of the things that make this movie great don't stand out very well by today's standards. But, if you look at the time it was made, this movie truly shines. First, one of the main characters is black. He is one of the heroes of the movie. And this is in a movie with one of the greatest actors of the era, Humphrey Bogart. Also, other than Sam, the intentions of the other characters are all rather ambiguous. One moment you'll see Bogie handing his friend over to the Nazis, next he's smuggling Polish rebels to American. The good guys aren't so good, the bad guys aren't so bad, and some you just can't tell. There were no shining heroes or slimy villians, just the gray that occupies the large space between them. In an era where all the heroes had to be pure, this movie went against the grain.
5|4688|As classic a film as ever there was. For a musical it tackled some pretty unusual stuff, from witchcraft, to invading nazis. The whole cast is good and the fun of it all is the convaluted storyline that leads the heroes to a climactic show down with the stormtroopers of nazi Germany by way of reanimated suits of armor. Some great stuff. Best Scene: The animated soccer match 
1|7176|A movie about a family's pain and suffering on their journey to an amusement park for their vacation. It's sort of a dark comedy with a bit of a happy ending, but not happy enough to justify the trip. Watching people suffer just isn't my idea of humor.
5|4663|I loved reading the book as a child, and now my kids adore the movie. The unlikely relationship between a pig and a talking spider was quirky and endearing. I suppose it could be a metaphor for many relationships in life..however I don't need to get that deep. It is a fun movie for kids that touches on friendship, love and loss.
5|18605|Now keep in mind that The Glory isn't a huge horror movie fan. Kind of a fan by association. But during a 1 year period The Glory had her fair share of scary-type movies. The Glory didn't think that this one that that scary or that gross. Perhaps the Glory is becoming desensitized. It doesn't matter, The Glory still enjoyed this, the first in the Evil Dead trilogy very much. The Glory did think that 'Ashley' was kinda a wimp, where he is a pretty cool cat with the best catch lines ever in the rest of the series. The Glory also thought that the tree rape scene was kinda unnecessary..but pretty damn cool. Evil Dead kinda set the standard for the following Sam Raimi movies. The darkness ever present beneath the surface..or in the woods. The Glory watched this movie a long time after she first watched Evil Dead 2 and Army of Darkness and thought that it was pretty neat to see the way the whole thing started. In fact, The Glory would suggest seeing the movies in that order. The Glory highly suggests this movie as a part of any fun movie night with friends.
5|13750|Another great Tom Hanks film. This film verified how I feel about the death penalty. I read the book too and found the movie to be fairly good at covering the book. The characters were believable and well rounded. I felt like I knew them.
5|6074| West Side Story is a truly wonderful film. Everything from the performances, to the dance numbers, to the songs to the directing is just fantastic. As far as I'm concerned, it is the best musical ever made, running neck-and-neck with The Wizard of Oz. Simply fantastic!
5|13988|Great movie. After watching it, I feel like studying.
5|8059|This is only partly a cinderella story. What this is about is a culture clash, between your typical Anglo-American-two-and-a-half-kids family and your enormous-invite-the-hundred-cousins ethnic family. It was brilliant and accurate. Go see it.
5|12328|This movie is about as good as they get. Very important for people to watch. Prejiduce is as alive today as it has ever been folks.
5|14981|If you don't know it WE ARE AT SCHOOL, then how can you rate it? Idiot This was a solid movie, with a good story.
5|13036|The movie that started it all. What can be said that has not been said already about this movie? It is undeniably the best modern mafia movie ever made, and is briliantly adapted from Mario Puzo's book. Al Pacino and Marlon Brando play their parts exquisitely. If you haven't seen this already, you should.
5|6712|Life is a banquet and this movie really makes you smile. Rosaline Russell was fabulous!
5|17250|This film is Kurosawa's masterpiece. It's even better than his 1985 movie, "Ran."
5|4105|One of my all time favorites. People keep asking who would have made a better Willy Wonka than Johnny Depp in the new version. May I suggest Crispin Glover? Think about it. He has that sort of creepy look that Wilder has. Hell, he's creepy period. Would have been great!
1|7837|As good as it gets is one of the worst movies that I have ever seen!!! I love Greg Kinnear, Cuba Gooding, Jr. and Helen Hunt, so I was extremely disapointed that this lame attempt at comedy with a heart was just so...bad. As good as her acting was in this movie, are we actually to believe that someone like Helen Hunt would fall in love with Jack Nickolson??? Ha! Yeah, right!!!
5|2560|I loved the skewbald horse and because I'm going to live in shanghai it was just good to watch some of thier history. The story-line was geat and it was very funny in places as well as having my hero/idol actor Owen Wilson in it. On most movies you can sometimes tell what's going to happen. On Shanghai Noon unexpecting things happen alot. 
5|18177|Greatest zombie movie of them all. If not one of the greatest movies period. Plus my wife hates this movie thats why I know its good.
5|19269|awsome follwup nowhere near as good as the first one but how can it be rent it now 
5|4111|One of the few movies that I love just as much now as I did when I was kid. When I was younger I was captivated by the candy and the mystery of the chocolate factory. As an adult I love this movie because it is absolutely hilarious, the songs are so nutty and memorable and because Gene Wilder was absolutely brilliant playing Willy Wonka. A timeless classic that will be cherished for years to come.
1|3489|This has this distinction of being the only movie to cause me to fall asleep in the theater. Skip it and rent an older Bond flick.
5|7418|funny stuff
5|14995|VERY good movie. Leo and Tom did a good job acting together. Very realistically done, and an amazing story.
5|15453|This is the best movie of the year and possibly in recent years . The film touches on many subjects without being preachy , leaving the viewers with room for interpretations and thoughts which I think is clever . The music score and cinematography are perfect . I indeed prefer the movie than the book which can actually be preachy and full of prpogandas . For those who are offended by the abortion and incest themes , give me a break . What is the morality portrayed in American Beauty ( guns , infidelity and rape of the underaged girl ! ) ? Why people rarely condemn the themes in Pulp Fiction ( totally rubbish film which makes swearing sound cool and violence a norm ) ? I think many Americans are rather bored by such heart warming films like The Cider House Rules but cherish the violence and perverty in the aforementioned films . No wonder America has so many gunshot cases because people are so used to violence that guns are still not banned ! 
5|13022|BEST MOVIE
5|9435|The only thing funnier than this movie are Ed Wood's real movies. The problem is, they weren't meant to be funny. He's a classic case of a guy who had nothing but an insatiable desire to make sci-fi flicks...and I mean nothing. The whole real-life story of poor Bela Lugosi and this guy is unbelievable, but true.
5|9353|FAVOR MOVIE EVER LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT!
5|6060|A must see thriller. Robert Mitchum is at nearly his best in this spooky chill-fest. Shelley Winters also stars in this film. Has some truly fantastic sequences, and makes you totally freak out when you hear Mitchum singing the hymn Leaning on the Everlasting Arms . Definitely see it, and you will not be dissapointed.
5|15335|This film was sad and very disturbing at times, but it was brilliant. Many times in films when they portray a serial killer you either hate them, sympathise with them or you simply don't get them. You absolutely cannot condone ruthless murders, but in Monster you gain an understanding of one woman's tactic for survival, a clear understanding of why she did what she did and most of all her universal search to be loved and accepted. Christina Ricci underplayed the character of Selby nicely and Charlize prooved that shes not just a pretty face by not only physically transforming herself, but mentally too. For the first time in a long time I can honestly say that someone rightfully deserved the Best Actress Oscar gong this year.
5|4677|A funny beautifully animated creative flim!!
1|23370|It won an Oscar. It had the funny Jim Carrey and the beautiful Kate Winslet. But I frankly found it one of the most boring, stultifying, and wearisome movies I have seen in a long time. Right up there with the death-inducing Dogville in terms of boredom. We watched it one night, wifey passed out in 10 minutes and I made it to 15. She blamed me that looking at my droopy eyes made her fall asleep. We tried again a couple of nights later. She konked out in 8 minutes this time while I pretty much drifted off to sleep about the same juncture as the previous night. She had the chutzpah to say the next morning, I still want to see it. Now how good of a movie could it be if it puts 2 fairly intelligent adults asleep twice? My theory is that I just can't stand Charlie Kauffman movies, as I Found Being John Malkovich almost as boring and stupid. Kauffman looked like such a dork at the Oscars during his acceptance speech. 30 seconds, 29 seconds, I find this very unsettling, 26 seconds, I can't think of any thing to say, this is so distracting, 24 seconds...
5|17522|Outstanding. This movie was much more powerful for me than either Platoon or Saving Private Ryan. It is the story of a couple of Australian sprinters who are sent to the unwinnable battle of Gallipoli. There are some really chilling scenes of how men act when they know they are facing certain death. Do not rent this if you are looking for an uplifting movie.
5|18611|Evil Dead scared me the whole time with it's twisted plots and gross special effects.
5|5569|This deserves to be #1 on the classic movies list, despite the fact that I'd give 5 stars to each of the top 10 movies.
5|6048|Those who see this movie as just another good versus evil movie are missing the point. This movie is about doing your duty and acting with integrity versus acting out of cowardly self interest. An entire town turns it's back on Will Kain, including his deputy, in his hour of need. Even his new wife is ready to abandon him because she won't try to understand why he feels he must stay to face Frank Miller, who has vowed to kill him. Even the one person who understands him, Helen Ramirez, turns away. The only people ready to stand with him are a drunk and a boy. Gary Cooper acts the part of Will Kain wonderfully. You can feel his quiet desperation and his self doubt, as he realizes that he will have to fight this fight alone against four men. When Kain finally realizes he will be alone, he sits in his office to write his will. What follows is simply one finest montages anywhere in cinema. As the clock ticks toward high noon and the music builds, we see the faces of all the people who have abandoned him. The tension builds and builds until it is broken by the whistle of the noon train. The result of the fight is a foregone conclusion, but that doesn't matter. By the time the gunfight begins the story is essentially over, except when his new wife, an avowed pacifist, kills one of the bad guys rather than see her husband killed. The last scene is perfect, where Kain looks at the crowd gathered after the gunfight, and tosses his marshal's star on the ground in contempt, and rides away silently. High Noon is simply the best Western ever made, including The Searchers and Unforgiven (sorry Clint). 
5|1727|As Dr. No is the first James Bond film (released in 1962) and was largely responsible for the ultimate success of the series, the movie would merit five starts on that basis alone. Of course the film deserves a high rating on its on as well. First, the film establishes much of 007's persona which lasted throughout the series. Bond is tough, smart, suave and witty. Second, the film is set in a relatively exotic locale (ie Jamaica) and uses local music throughout the film. For some viewers, this was their first exposure to this type of island music (eg ska and calypso). Third, the plot is strong but not overly reliant on action (which has plagued some of the more recent films in the series). Fourth, the film includes some hi-tech aspects (remember it was 1962) with nuclear power, rockets, and a mechanical dragon as part of the story which became a staple of the series. Fifth, as icing on the cake, the film boasts one of the best Bond Girls in the form of Ursula Andress as Honey Ryder (setting yet another trend of intriguing names for the series) and features the best Felix Leiter played by Jack Lord. (It's a shame that Lord did not reprise this role in latter films.) Finally, the roles of both M (Bernard Lee) and Miss Moneypenny (Lois Maxwell) are introduced and established in this first 007 movie. On an artistic note, Dr. No differs from some of the other Bond films in that the viewer does not ever see Bond's primary nemesis until near the end of the movie. This plays on the already mysterious nature of a man named Dr. No and builds suspense throughout the film. The viewer gets the impression that No is just hiding in his lair merely waiting to ensnare Bond when the time comes. This tactic appears again in You Only Live Twice (1967) and Diamonds Are Forever (1971) but with less effect.
1|10792|Wretched, unfunny tripe aimed at career dumbasses.
5|23877|this movie rocksssss
5|8065|An ethnic chick flick, but its an ethnic group that we don't have many movies about. Any married person can see themeselves in this movie.Its not hilarious, but its funny and memorable.
5|19527|The first time I saw it,it freaked me out! 
5|18639|I am not a big fan of Nicole Kidman, but this was a very good movie. The end really shocked me, it was well worth seeing!!!
1|12185|This looks retarded.
5|5541|This movie is the best horror movie I've ever seen! It isn't gory, but it is so creepy. The real effect is after the movie when you think back.
5|5227|The best! I just cannot believe that Amazon or other like stores, do not have this movie in DVD format!!! Superb acting, wonderful amd intriguing storyline, you cannot get any better! Sad thing is that they do not make movies like they did. 
5|16172|This one gets five stars becuase it's about the best period flick I've seen in some time. Very colourful, believable and very interesting to see a parallel of our own colonial history in the U.S. I'm not a Leonardo Di Caprio fan in the slightest, but I think even he did a good job - in this particular role. But I the two actors who made the film for me was Daniel Day Lewis and Liam Neeson.
5|4139|Still one of my all time faves! I heard they want to remake it and I hope they NEVER do.
5|8703|it's very cool!! great!!! 
5|14765|This film is well developed. The actors are very well suited for their roles and play them very well. The courtroom scenes are well crafted, and the struggle for justice is briliantly portrayed. This movie boldly looks at some of the most hated points of American History, and displays some of the greatest pieces of American ideology. Freeman and Hopkins play excellent supporting roles, but the stars really bring out the struggle and victory.
5|8717|Great movie about the teens of today. Fits what we feel as teens. Key situations that could have happened and how someone would have reacted. One guy in the movie just cracks me up- the Jock trash talker just showing concern for himself being oblivious to everyone around.
5|14771|Amistad was a great movie because it proved that the law was made out for all people, not judging among color.
5|21912|One of a few sequels that one could say was better than the first one. Definitelt among the top 25 best action movies of all time. This movie has it all, great plot, action, special effects, acting, etc. There is never a dull moment in T2.
5|17278|Great movie. Very good story. Shows very harsh reality in the ghettos of Rio.
5|16166|Was great with good story line.
5|11609|This is a GREAT movie, it is SOOOOO funny! i was cracking up through the whole thing.
5|5555|Superb.
5|13778|This movie made me think about my career in law-enforcement. I was wanting to work in a prison but I have changed my mind. If I had to see or even here about someone being exicuted. So I think I will probably be a normal police officer now.
5|14017|I loved good Will Hunting. I believe Genius runs all through our society among the poor, rich as well as our various ethnic groups. However, we live in a society where this is not often recognized in the Arts, Music and other fields, I believe we should be exposed to everything not only a few kinds of creative endeavors we are exposed to.
5|15309|Robert Brown is another young actor that i would like to see more of.I would really likje to see a part two to this film.
5|7342|The regular cubicle-working, engineer guys and the gangsta rap come together to make some of the most hilarious stuff I have ever seen on a movie (enough to compete with even the great Monty Python!).
5|13008|When someone told me this was the best gangster film ever written I laughed in their face. Once I watched it, my mouth literally hit the floor as I heard my laughter come back to haunt me in what I can only describe as a resounding I told you so. This film is near genius accompanied with perfect casting, clear settings and a now very familiar famous soundtrack this all aids a very detailed account of the Corleone family, especially the Don who serves as the main patriarch of the family he loves whilst trying to balance the criminal instinct inside. We don't get to see the real Don Corleone until The Godfather Part 2 - played brilliantly by Robert Deniro. Definitely worth watching.
5|1043|Bruce Willis/script make this a great action movie.
5|12316|jodie foster. brilliant, as always.
1|24353|...as if the first two weren't enough.
5|10501|Adaptation is the only movie of this past Christmas season that actually lived up to its promise. DO NOT listen to the critics who will tell you it's gimmicky or that it tries too hard to be post postmodern or even worse -- much much much worse -- that it unravels and falls apart at the end. These critics were not paying attention! When you're watching Adaptation you become aware that the movie seems to be alive and growing and making itself up as the film runs through the projector. Seeing the interplay between the things that happen to our hero, the things he learns and experiences, and how those things affect this script that got made into this movie that you're watching... it's thrilling. Nothing less than thrilling. All movies should be this original and entertaining and -- dare I say it -- deep! Don't skip this one. Skip Gangs of New York, but not Adaptation!
5|10267|That is the best movie if you like singing dancing and boot kicking this is your movie!!!! oh and by the way don't liten to people 2 stars and lower the movie is great, but take any advice you want. 
5|5543|Psychologically interesting. Scary and tense. Characters are interesting. I got into the main character. Could happen... ha!
5|4885|James and The Giant Peach is an extremly well done movie based on the hit children's novel written by Roald Dahl. It's about a young boy named James, whose parents are eaten by a hippo in the sky, and his 2 evil aunts are left to take care of him. He finds a giant peach, that he goes into, and he makes friends with a group of giant bugs. It may sound, weird but this movie is great.
5|17508|Wonderful actors- Daniel Auteuil and Juliette Binoche- who were made to play together, and the terrifying decisions taken by autorities. You should see it, it will astonish you.
5|19525|What a great SCARY MOVIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5|3132|A great movie. The fact that it's based on a true story makes it more interesting. It reveals the true horror and action the Navy went through in their battle against the dangerous Nazis.
5|8067|It's wondeful that small movies like this can become such big hits. One of the best family films I've seen, and the cast is funny and charming to go along with it.
5|9379|Totally entertaining, a feel good movie for sure. Reese Witherspoon is charming. I really enjoyed it.
5|8073|Eddie Murphy's finest hour. Judge Reinhold and the other guy were very good also. Comedy, Action, mystery all wrapped into one.
5|2238|I really like this movie a lot. This movie keeps you interested in what's happening in the movie. It doesn't make you bored.
1|12193|Actually, if Bob Saget's cameo was the only humourous thing about this movie, that should tell you how horrendous it truly is. Just a horrible waste of space...why anyone would waste money on it is beyond me...
5|4891|An excellent update, which has a few additions,and is quite entertaining. Lindsay Lohan does an exceptional job playing 2 people, and the rest of the cast are great. The musical score adds to the whinsical movie, and was used in the following year's academy awards for costume design. An excellent remake from the people who did 'father of the bride'.
1|24421|Boring, with cheesy effects, and a annoying robot.
5|4649|What can I say? Aardman says it all. Absolutely the best of the domestic productions
1|24347|What a waste of two of the best monsters in recent cinematic history. The guy who made this couldn't direct traffic.
5|19257|An excellent movie starring William Katt, George Wendt(TV show Cheers), Richard Moll(TV show Night Court), Alan Autry (played a cop on the TV show Heat of the Night), and the hideous Sandywitch. One of the funniest horror movies of all time. Far better than the crap of today
5|5231|This is a perfect picture. If ever there was a perfect cast, it is in this film. They make the film come alive. A David O. Selnick film which, in my opinion, is his greatest acheivement and Alfred Hitchcock's American directorial debut is an auspicious one! Joan Fontaine deserved Best Actress Oscar for her performance as the Second Mrs. deWinter as did Judith Anderson for Best Supporting Actress for her Mrs. Danvers.
5|6738|This is a 3 hour plus joyride that is both fun and funny. Each actor involved brings their own brand of timeless humor to their charactor, culminating in an American comedy classic.
5|14773|Talk about a great movie, this is the one. If you've never cried or laughed in a movie then this is the one for you. It gave me a better understanding of how afro-americans were treated back then. It gave me a whole new outlook.
5|1057|the coen brothers at their best
5|8715|This movie is very original and f-ckin' hilarious! Gotta' see it!!!
5|17252|A magnificent cinematic achievement. For those who find it too long or have trouble reading the subtitles, I recommend watching the U.S. remake The Magnificent Seven the day before. The plots are similar enough and Kurosawas direction and the casts acting is so good that if you have difficulty with the subtitles you won't lose track.
5|18161| Roman Polanski's 1968 film version of Ira Levin's novel Rosemary's Baby takes a clever little shaggy-dog tale type horror novel and turns it into an exercise in paranoia. Unsuccessful actor Guy Woodhouse and his wife Rosemary move into the Bramford, a large old apartment building based upon ( And filmed exteriorly at-)the Dakota in New York City, the same building outside of which John Lennon was killed decades later. The neigbors, all apparently elderly and way too friendly, work their way into the young couple's lives qickly, following the apparent suicide of the young woman living with the old couple in the next apartment: the Castavets (Ruth Gordon, who won an Oscar, and Sidney Blackmer). Weird events quickly follow, including a very realistic dream Rosemary has in which she is raped by an inhuman creature. Thereafter, she discovers she is pregnant, and comes to suspect.... The film is leisurely. It builds suspense through character development. The viewpoint is entirely subjective. The viewer is Rosemary, who is in every scene. We learn what is going on along with her, and her suspicions become ours. The film is about fear. The fear of being alone. The fear of violation. The unspecified but very real fear of abnormal pregnancy. It is also about faith. If Satan is real, after all, what place then must we make in our personal view of the universe for the notion of God? Polanski's clever direction makes all of this implicit, coming in at the very edge of a viewer's consciousness and catching hold. Notice the scene where the skeletal, tormented Rosemary, in the painful grip of a pregnancy she doesn't understand and has come to fear, pauses to look at a little Manger scene in the window of a department store. She sees, superimposed over the religious imagery, her own reflection, looking gaunt and horrible. We see realization in her face--she recognizes the true effect the situation is having on her. Suddenly, Minnie Castavet bursts into the scene and turns Rosemary awy from her contemplation. In a very real sense, the profane is turning the victim away from the sacred. Not a horror film in the popular sense of the word, the film relies on character and atmosphere, as well as style. It explores issues of faith, evil, and in it's ambiguous, open ending leaves room for reflection, speculation and yes, even hope. 
5|283|Excellent movie - a wonderful manifestation of the legend/history of him.
5|13034|What is great about this film is that it has to be the most perfectly cast movie of all time.
1|19788|This movie sucks like nothing has ever sucked before.Anyone who had anything to do with the making of this mess needs to apologize to all the fans of the REAL Friday the 13th films.
5|6710|Rosalind Russell did a great job playing Auntie Mame. Patrick Dennis wrote a book about his Love of life aunt Mame. this movie is well done When Patrick has to come and live with his auntie Mame after the death of his father. His Aunt is a unique woman who throws parties just because it is today She has a love for life and has a whole bunch of eccentric friends. this movie starts around the start of the depression. and ends when Patrick is grown and ready to marry.the wrong person a rich spoiled brat, Auntie Mame and freinds helps Patrick to realize this snotty girl would be the wrong person to marry.A good movie with some good actors.
1|2959|Waste of time. Good thing i didnt pay for that movie. Only good thing that came out of the movie was Julianne Moore, shes somthing to look at.
5|15445|Great movie, cant say no more....
1|18496|Scream...what can I say. I loved it in 8th grade. I am a senior know and my likes have changed. It was an original concept and I liked it for that. It did have one good character that I could relate to. Randy. The horror movie geek. Yea I can relate to him but he is such a tiny sub character only a few movie patrons even cared about him. I cried my eyes out when I watched Scream 2. I watched Scream a couple times just for Randy. Scream is sleak and well shot. Fairly o.k. acted but not a horror movie. This is more of an action movie than anything else.If you want to be scared DON T COME ANY CLOSER. If you wish to put your brain into cruise control and watch a tediouse time filler with a few whippdey doos in it COME RIGHT IN! OH YEAH!! I almost forgot this film is what brought about teeny bopper horror! Scream loses major points for that. Horror by Hilfiger...where is my gun?
5|23849|Before I saw this movie, I did not care for Ashton Kutcher. I thought he was silly and boring. But when I watched this movie, He amazed me! He has such good acting range! His character made me smile and cry. This is a truly well constructed film with an original tale. No other time travel film can top The Butterfly Effect, not even future Sci-Fi films can aspire to these standards!
1|5788|Rediculous- Fonda makes himself both defense attorney and witness during deliberations- Politicak Correct Claptrap
5|23691|VIN DIESEL IS SOOOO SEXY! I saw this movie 3 times and I wanna see it again! It's so cool!
5|6076|A modern day Romeo and Juliet. a wonderful movie that has romance, good music. Heartbreaking at the end.I think this movie even has lessons about what happens with hatred.I still find myself rooting for Tony and Maria and wishing the ending could be different and they could be together.
5|17534|A wonderful movie. I really enjoyed the characterisations and performances by the entire cast. Jess' neighborhood is an analog of every middle-class family's neighborhood throughout the world.
5|20398|Zombies that actually moved! Creative, great shots of the game, very unique and original.
5|18607|One of the most original horror movies ever made. Evil Dead was Sam Raimi's first big movie and served him very well. A group of friends rent a nasty old cabin for a weekend but over night it turns into a blood bath after the demon resurection passages from The Necronomicon are resighted and The Evil Dead and its deadites are unleashed. Out of the Evil Dead trilogy, this is the best horror movie. Don't excpect the cute jokes and Bruce Campbell's witty one liners, this is really a horror movie. It is actually very effective in its grotesquness and shock value. When I first saw it I had no idea it was going to be as gory and sick as it was! A great beggining to a great trilogy. Not many trilogys keep their mojo up for the entire series, but Evil Dead does an incredible job of it. HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU AND YOUR BEST MATES!
5|4661|This film always made me cry when Charlotte died after having her babies. I adored the book and was relieved that the film followed it so much. Its an absolute classic and I'm going to see if I can get a copy of the book + film for when I have children. Its something children should not miss. 
5|11145|*hahahahaha*
5|17520|well i also would give this film a 4.5, but that wasn't an option. A 4.5 due to the horrible, sudden outbursts of ear-piercing, proto new age syntho-rock. it was too good of a movie to let that ruin it though.
5|18613|This is probably one of the most legendary low budget movies. As opposed to the Blair Witch Project, in the case of this film not only the actors are hysterical, but also the viewers get their share of madness. The special effects and filming techniques that were used in a sometimes quite experimental manner were an absolute novelty at the time and add to the involvement of the audiences into this extremely scary and bloody movie.
5|2204|Great movie based on a great book. Unfortunatly like with almost all other movies based on books, there just isn't enough time to fit in all the specifics. In actuality Dantes goes to much greater lengths to obtain his revenge. However, the director did a good job of not making the movie too long which could risk losing the interest of those who weren't familiar with the story.
5|14029|This has to be the greatest movie ever made.
5|9351|This is such an excellent movie. It made me feel good, and it was so cute. As always, Reese Witherspoon does a superb job. If you are in a down mood, and want a lift, rent this movie or Legally Blonde 2. Both are available on DVD! It is also a cool movie for people who love chihuahua dogs. Very few movies show these particular dogs for as smart as they truly are. We love you Reese ! No actress could ever top your talent !
5|13746|Awesome movie; acting was great!
5|6062|This film porves that the Academy Awards don't mean a thing for Night of the Hunter wasn't even nominated for a single Oscar.
5|9437|I think this is a very clever movie, well scripted with some solid performances. If you're looking for many belly-laughs, you'd best rent something else, but this is funny nonetheless.
5|13020|Nothing better has ever come out of Hollywood. An incredibly poignant story of family loyalty and betrayal.
5|6704|Cagney's best musical role.
1|18482|I have had more fun FLY FISHING! the only good part of this movie was Randy but of course as in all crappy movies the best guy dies in the sequel (Which was a great thing for Randy). I may have liked it back in the day but that was before I started to understand what made a great movie. If you find this movie good try shakeing a pen in front of the computer screen you might have more fun. I think you stabbed to deep man.. 
5|14997|This movie kept me interested the entire time. It was mind boggling how a guy can evade police for so long and take on so many identities. I thought this movie deserved five stars because it kept me intrigued. Not many movies can do that for me. And DiCapprio wasn't bad either; he's always been a hottie.
1|23414|Another uninspired sci-fi movie that can't hold half a candle to the brilliance of Star Trek.
5|4113|I love this film! It's so magical, isn't Wonka World every child's dream? A fantastic adventure for a poor boy who proves that good morals and manners prevails. A warm hearted and colourful adventure, well worth a watch or two.
5|297|This is an epic and at the end you definitly feel like you want more. The special effects were awsome and the cinematography was excellent. Russell Crowe did a great job. Another must see if you have not seen it yet.
5|18175|Classic camp horror. Maybe not the scariest but perhaps the funniest horror movie. The scene where the two hunters are picking off the zombies is hilarious.
5|10529|I don't think it can be noted for a great deal of cinematic brilliance, but it is nonetheless a favorite among people around my age (13-19). I must have seen it 35 times. Kids just love seeing the idea of a 10-year-old outsmarting two criminal bandits. The physical abuse they endure at the hands of Kevin McCallister is the extremely humorous part. Also, everyone has been angry at their family and felt left out at one point or another; but it teaches that you have to look past that and be with your family (especially during the holiday season).
5|2589|awesome, awesome, awesome action. not as fast-paced as 'resident evil' but all around a much better movie. scariest, ickiest vampires since 'salem's lot.' nice to see horror/action movies getting back to basics. the cgi blade in the battles was totally believable. the new 'reaper' vampires themselves were excellent, crawled like insects, swarmed like serpents. i never rated the first film, if i had i would have given it four, or possibly five stars, the deduction possibly because the movie was essentially just a comic book, but this new one has extra dimensions, and a smoother plot. it also doesn't resort at any point to i did your mom, which is probably a good thing. better action here, too, worth the wait, and not a disappointment.
1|12622|Unfortunately, a complete disappointment. I have been a fan for years but this just didn't work...I felt I was watching a differnt film entirely. Why change a successful format?
5|11804|This movie was hilarious to anybody who's been involved with environmental politics at the grassroots level. Probably the humor is too inside for many people to appreciate, and perhaps a little too dark and dry. I personally couldn't stop laughing from the opening scene to the very last lines: "Should I bring my own chains?" A: "We always do." Hoffman and Lilly Thomlin made an incredible team as the "existential detectives." I guess you just had to be "there." 
5|19280|I think I said: what the hell like 6 times during this movie because of the twisting plot time after time. This movie is just frieken messed up I love it.
5|22216|I've seen _The Matrix_ four times. There isn't any other movie I've bothered to see more than once.
5|6937|Never can get enough of thise one
5|1080|Fargo is the funniest murder movie ever. I saw it in the theaters three times and then bought it right when it came out. Is that your partner in the woodchipper there? Frances McDormand was hilarious.
5|6089|I love the music in West Side Story. Also, it's a great romance.
5|7397|funniest movie of the year 2000 
1|20690|This has got to be one of the worst watses of 2 hours i have ever spent. Not only was this movie boring its songs live on forever. They are the scourge of mankind. The absolute worst. Just seemed way too phony.
1|7160|I seldom walk out of movies, but in this case I made an exception.
5|5580|Truly a classic! Bogart and Bergman are absolutely fantastic as are Heinreid, Rains, Greenstreet and Lorre. Michael Curtiz's direction is great. He sure knew how to make great movies! And of course, there is Max Steiner's score. Well, whenever you hear the song As Time Goes By, don't you have an instant recollection? Excellent movie!
1|12144|Chris Kattan SUCKS.
5|4846|ONE OF THE BEST EVAH!
5|18834|I give this film five stars, not basing it on the entire world horror films, but the horror films of today. It's hard for a horror fan to find a good flick nowaday. The concept of survival is portrayed very well, and the originality of the zombies' behavior, as compared to George Romero's, was incredible. Finally, a new take on old material.
5|5594|The most inspiringmovie of all time. Combines humor with romance and suspense. Reflects the time period well. There's no wonder it is the origin of many famous quotes.
1|20684|I actually had to get drunk to enjot this movie. Everyone should try that!it is definately funny that way. It was boring and bland.
1|3312|This movie is terrible because it re-does every old trick from the first movie. I was not surprised, and was insulted by their pitiful portrayal of one of the only black women in a major role of an action film in a long time.
5|13961|De Niro kicks ass. One of his best roles. He's a complete lunatic nut.
5|6923|A hilarious comedy! One that I had to buy to watch over and over! Funny catch lines you find yourself quoting like The Tower The Tower Rapuzel Rapunzel!! and the black guys jive talking to Mrs. Cleaver, haha!!
5|22202|Brilliant special effects keanu is at his best the music is excellent and the plot is so out of this world it makes you think could this be real?
5|14968|Anonymous (The fraud one) must be a British Subject. While this movie is a compilation of multiple stories from the Revolution, it has a good historical base. A very heart ripping movie, that should motivate any American to be proud of our forefathers. As a devout Constitutionalist, I found the scenes regarding the Militia and firearms ownership and use to be exceptional. A must see movie.
5|1094|If one film could incapsulate the self-indulgence of the eighties onto a single piece of celluloid, it would be this one. Al Pacino plays arguably the greatest role of his prestigious career in his performance of Tony Montana, an ironic personification of the American dream. Tony is a lowly career criminal who comes to America from Communist Cuba with little more than the shirt on his back and a gleam in his eye. Fueled by his newly liberated sense of desire, he goes from rags to riches (dealing in yayo, naturally). In doing so though, he becomes lax, decadent and obsessed with money. This action packed tale is a vividly painted portrait of the double-edged sword that is desire. The plentiful action scenes are inventive and Pacino lends a infectious intensity to them. Oh yes, it's funny too. Pacino's portrayal of the exaggeratedly crude Montana is side-splitting as he spouts language that would make Howard Stern wince. Scarface is the complete package, a true epic and every minute is infused with vibrant creativity.
5|268|After watching The Patriot , I wanted to see some of Mel Gibson's movie and I rented Braveheart . Although I liked The Patriot better, Braveheart was great film too.
1|15159|I just don't understand why this movie got so high ratings and is still talked about today. When I watched it, it just seemed like a plain movie to me. It has such a common, uninteresting plot. Maybe I just didn't get the meaning behind this movie. I'd be more than happy to learn more though, if anyone's willing to discuss it...
5|3683|Kicked ass!!
1|18455|I think it'll take a 5 star as a comdey movie .. but i would give it 3 for the stupid silly story !..
5|8926|I absolutely LOVED this film! I loved how they went from a Trekker spoof to actually becoming the characters they played. My favorite is Alan Rickman, Dr. Lazarus.
5|14798|I can understand that some people would find the deliberate, methodical pace of this film as off-putting, but I think if you take it in the context of the social and class relationships of that time, you glean a new understanding of the film. To me, it is amazing the amount of restraint that Hopkins and Thompson bring to their roles, as would only be proper for those in service at the time. The juxtaposition of the unattainable romance of two downstairs people against the fading glory of the upstairs crowd is genius. Especially interesting is the fact that the author, who so manages to capture the essence of the English class structure, is an expatriate Japanese.
5|23134|Incredible!!! What do we do now that Jim Henson is no longer with us? Who's going to give us such imagination in a movie? This movie is timeless. I was watching it the other day and my teenage nieces tried to make fun of it saying that it was for kids.before I new it they were hooked. The next day when I woke up they were watching it again. Sure technology has brought us far with all the computer animation, but how I miss the puppets. I only wish that Jim Henson could have done at least three more movies like this.
5|17291|I've never really liked having to read my movie as I'm watching it -- in other words, following subtitles. But this movie was different, somehow. The father worked so hard to protect his son from the horrors of war and of genocide, to keep his son's innocence and love (and possibly trust) for humanity. Some parts were so funny that it was almost painful to laugh, because they also made me cry; I was basically laughing through my tears. The film was heartbreaking, true, but it was uplifting and beautiful, especially the end. After watching this movie, I was trembling from head to toe and didn't know whether to laugh or cry. Amazing movie!
5|240|One of the best guy movies ever made. The fight scenes are off the hook. The movie gives you a sense of being right in the actual fight. Makes you feel for them!
1|9617|One of the dumbest comedies Ive ever seen.
5|3873|It is a film that captuers the hole family. I found it amazing to watch and have watched it countless times. I will never get bored of The Lion King! This movie is hilarious, see it you'll be hooked.
5|21045|The Wall is a classic. The combination of cartoons and actors and Pink Floyd's music make this movie a must-see for all. It was done in the early 80's, far beyond it's time!!
1|102|I think a brilliant performance by Hopkins is utterly wasted in this scurrilous piece of trash.
1|14509|suck
5|10298|I have seen this movie 4 times in theatres all ready- and mr. good dosent know what hes talking about- This is one of the funniest films I have seen in a long time. GREAT FILM
5|526|I liked it a lot. Nothing else to say. Good all around.
1|12178|please don't see this movie. please
5|13791|I thought this movie was great! It was different. It was a little slow throughout the first hour, but after that I was fully engaged.
5|1902|As action movies go, Face/off provides excellent entertainment for the destruction entuhist. John Travolta and Nicholas Cage have incredible lines. Quick guns, and are in a plot that is fascinating. This movie is rated highly for anyone who loves to see suspense and humor. Both actors have wonderful performances.
5|8098|Jeff Bridges and John Good man are hilarious this is one of the funniest movies I seen theres nothing not funny about this just the way he looks some times and especially when the sherrif is telling him how much of a jerk off he is and then he gos I'm sorry I wasent listening the dude abides. all the dude ever wanted was his rug back.
1|17000|Brando must have been hurting for money, such bull crap......a 1' minus..
5|13949|I don't care how much is incorrect, this was a great movie!
5|13785|How this movie did not win the Oscar for best film is ridiculous! I was moved to tears many times.
1|19039|Boring, Boring, Boring! If i could have had the chance to give it a 0 I would have.
5|24129|My expectations were not huge on this one but I was suprised. The story was good and kept you interested. Will does a nice job as does the supporting cast and the effect are great. Put all of that together and you have a great movie. Good family film all be it some what violent, minimal nudity and no harsh language.
5|1916|It has non-stop action. It was very clever of them to find a way to lift the skin off the face. Also, the casting was perfect.
5|21051|Fame was a movie that tells you you need to have proper desire goals for life
5|16825|My favourite movie...Kudos to Keanu on an outstanding performance.
5|17285|Kurosawa is one of the greatest and this full-color spectacular will blow you away!
5|254|Mel Gibson puts on an inspiring performance as William Wallace. The battle scenes in this movie are the most amazing scenes ever. Inspiring speeches and acts of selflessness highlight the overriding theme of freedom.
5|21737| Pure and simple: a masterpiece. 
1|3448|I snuck into this when I was 11 or so. . .(it was one of the first PG-13 movies) and it insulted my intelligence then. A bunch of high school brats outsmart communist soldiers and guerrillas? You've got to be kidding me. And excuse me for howling when that teeny-bopper yells WOLVERINES!!!!!
5|14954|This movie was I think the best movie that Mel Gibson has ever played a role in. He was fantastic. This movie made me look at our country's history of war in a different prospective. Although it may have been a movie, it made me realize how it was for the men fighting for our country's freedom. It really brought tears to my eyes and I celebrated the 4th of July in a whole different light this year!
1|5039|Hate it! There's no songs to sing along.
5|23120|A great movie. The special effects were outstanding
5|22969|I saw this film at the premier in 1968 on the wide cinerama screen- I was 16 years old. The film was stunningly presented- and was one of the most iconic films of the freaked out 1960s. 37 years later the film has not lost any of its original verve and the special effects are still incredible. 
5|6248|Thank goodness ABC continues to show this great Biblical film every Easter. Always entertaining to watch.
5|1527|Mel Gibson at his best-crazy as a leper. The classic example of the buddy cop flick. The performances alone make it worth the watch, especially the always ugly Joshua.
5|14203|Wonderful thought provoking film and [thankfully] no-one being blown up, chased....not much action but much emotion
5|903|I loved the 6th Sense. It wasn't bloody which I liked. It is a movie that makes you think, and when the credits roll, you remain thinking about it.
1|24637|shat
5|5741|Teppi Hedren is an insufferable airhead. Jessica Tandy looks, well, Overly paranoid. Also stars a very young Veronica Cartwright, who gets some of the best lines in this offbeat movie. Great visuals and sound design, with no score to speak of, although a children's song and timely editing is used to great effect. Not Overly scary, slow at first, but very fun to watch from the point that Tippy Tippi gets her head drilled by a seagull.
5|4339|i have to give this movie five *s, even though it was fairly disorienting. the characters came through the cgi, but the shading, and the jerky movements always rang artificial to me. i guess i'm just not used to this medium. anyway, it's a good story with an unconventional hero, as i'm sure you've heard, and it's very worth watching. kids will love it, whether they know all the fairy tales that it references or not. my favorite part is the sometimes devilish wit it employs, to show that it has an edge and to keep audience interest at times where other kid movies would sag from pure sugariness. in other words, good enough for adults. a real good time.
5|8503|Kevin Smith's first and to date best film from his View Askewniverse. The film is an incrediblly low budget, black and white breakthrough film the centers on Dante, who is called in to work when he is not schedueled, at the local covinenece store. The film takes place over one work day and we join Dante in a cross roads of sorts in his life. Along the way we meet a list of original and bizarre characters. Jay and Silent Bob make their big screen dabut and have been the only constant in every View Askew film. Veronica, Dante's current squeez who gives more filatio than mos hardened porn starletts. A never ending bombardment of weirdo customers an Ranal (my favorite Smith character ever written next to Brody) Dante's co-worker at the next door video store. Clerk is in my opinion one of the funniestand most honest films ever made. Original and funnier than hell. Clerks is HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY Recommended.
1|20337|A true horror movie that made me sick to my stomach. It wasn't because of blood and gore, it was the whole thing about killing children on Halloween. The movie is just sick...
5|1241|Despite the fact that my top 10 of all time includes movies from the 30's, 40's, and 50's, this ranks #1. Amazing acting, characters, story, and dialogue.
5|12100|this is a great movie. I ust got the DVD and it has a lotof extra scenes and a commentary by the director. You can really see what the movie was meant to be before the editors got at it.
1|20323|I hate Jason movies. Way too sick. Who wants to see an idiot killing teenagers?
5|1255|Awesome film! Too bad there have been so many knock offs since.
5|9609|This is Jim Carey at his best. This movie had me in tears the first time I saw it and I still love to watch it. It is grade school bathroom humor at it's best.
5|17078|I've gotta admit I thought this film was good, not the story, just the way it was filmed - the style. I didn't know people could make films like this anymore and only stanley kubrck could have made a film like this in 1999! Another strange fact: It's filmed completely in England though set In New York, the only shots of the real city were filmed via a second unit!
5|19055|I liked it!
1|24623|What happened to character development? I found this film to be an empty waste of my time. Walberg was OK, Bonham-Carter was great considering her beauty was smothered by the silly monkey costume. I just didn't buy it. It seemed to me that the assumption was made that the apes would follow the path of human development but would just retain some of their more hostile animal traits. I felt like the apes got ripped off here but I guess I was the one that got ripped off for shelling out 5.75 for this pitiful excuse for a film.
5|5755|Second only to Vertigo as far as Hitchcock films go this film beautifly combines love and suspense. Cary Grant is at his best which adds to my frustration that he never recieved an Oscar. Ingrid Bergmann nearly trumps her Casablanca role. It's sad that you can only purchase this DVD for $40! (only offered as a Criterion collection disk). I guess I could go buy MI2 if I want to see this movie poorly done.
5|13578|Well directed with a strange atmosphere. The actors were great and the dialogue was excellent.
5|1533|What a great action movie. Lethal Weapon modernized the classic buddy picture (e.g., Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid) and ushered in a host of imitators that also pair up unlikely male buddies of different races (Rush Hour, Last Boy Scout, Wild Wild West, just to name a few). But the imitators can't match the Mel Gibson/Danny Glover chemistry that drives the movie and makes you care about the characters. Lethal Weapon has great action scenes, great dialogue, and better acting than you'll find in most action movies.
5|15109|Great movie that mixes drama and comedy. A movie where in one weekend 4 people begin to find their true selves. Very well written and in some places very funny. Michael Douglas gives one of the best performance of his career as Professor Grady Tripp. Tobey Maguire and Robert Downey Jr who are two of the best actors of their generations give terrific performances.
5|8271|Funniest movie of the 80's. Best line- when Nathan Arizona responds to the FBI's questioning of his stolen infant's pajamas: I DUNNO! THEY HAD YODAS AND SH#@ ON THEM! 
1|20445|One word, BAD. Imagine Gremlins but not scary or funny in the least. 
5|7142|In the beginning of comedy, there was Mel Brooks.
1|23164|This movie sucks. Christopher Lambert is not a good actor and Sean Connery must have been needing some quick cash to star in this junk. I know this has a huge following, but I'm still trying to figure out why.
5|2012|It was very scary. It was action filled and suspenseful. Michelle Pfieffer is hot. Harrison Ford is a very talented actor, I enjoy his films.
5|10059|A genius movie. My favorite of all time with perhaps a few Disney classics as exceptions. Tina Fey is genius as a writer.
5|22955|Still one of the greatest sci-fi movies ever made.DO NOT bother with the remake-it is inferior to the MAX!
5|6274|This is a John Huston tale of gold and the greed and betrayal that it brings out in people. Bogart plays his usual role but it works here. Remember, Badges? We don't need no steenking badges! This is where that phrase originated.
5|13550|The first time I saw this movie, I left the theatre shocked. This movie told the whole truth not only about American families, but all families around the world! Annete Bening was stunning, Thora Birch and Mena Suvari both were incredible, Wes Bentley was unbelievable but it was Kevin Spacey's role made me love him completely, what an acting! The role of Lester was difficult and Spacey made it to perfection.
5|23493|better than cinderella man better than broken flowers better than your ass this version does not suck you suck
5|12896|A terrific movie. Although some may find it slow, I say those people are slow. The only movie that Tim Robbins was good in.
5|15121|best performance of Douglas' career. enough said. poor omr. downey jr.
1|11868|Compared to the first one I think this movie was just aweful. Even by itself it's still annoying. The pacing was WAY too fast and the humor was way too obnoxious. The first one at least was somewhere in the vicinity of trying to be believable. When I went to the movie, I thought she was gonna be running for office - that I think woulda been a better story idea, where she's in the next phase of her life, tackling obstacles and fighting battles at the next level of tests in maturity. But no, they basically did a repeat of the first one, where she goes to a new place where her sorority-mad perkiness is scoffed at and eventually accepted through her hard work and good-heartedness. In a word, it was lame.
5|8259|For all you Monty Python fans out there: John Cleese and Michael Palin, plus Jamie Lee Curtis and an Oscar-worthy performance by Kevin Kline makes this movie a two thumbs up.
1|3845|Give me a break, the producer, the director and all the actors including the rubber snake should be banned from making movies for 50 years. They dont come any worse than this..... 
5|6512|One of Chaplains most poignant films.It makes you laugh,it makes you cry and it gives one much to think about.Hitler was FURIOUS at Chaplain for lampooning him in this wonderful movie.Bravo! The speech he makes at the end is one of the most powerful speeches on War in history.
1|2583|Worthless swill from Jerry Bruckheimer and Michael Bay. Curse them for the garbage they throw in our faces. When will it end?
5|13236|Having an autistic brother, I feel (my humble opinion) like no actor has ever done a better job in a role than Dustin Hoffman did as Ray Babbitt.
5|17050|Great movie up there with Fight Club, Momento, and Identity. I loved it.
1|23602|I've decided that the incredibly positive reviews of Minority Report are the result of The Emperor's New Clothes phenomenon. That's the only way I can explain how such a HORRIBLE movie could receive accolades across the board. Here are my major complaints: 1. The plot was flimsy and even ridiculous in many spots. 2. There was almost no character development. 3. The special effects were ludicrous and inconsistent. 4. The acting was a terrible. 5. The movie was FAR too long, and the ending was laughable. There are many other problems with the movie, but I don't have two more hours to record them all in my comment. All I can say is avoid this movie at all costs!
5|20824|Really a 4.5. Our family went today. I really enjoyed this movie. It was well done imaginative, and well acted. I like musicals anyway and it was nice to see one on the big screen. All the actors did a good job with their roles. and considering some had never danced before, did a fine job with the dance numbers. A found this movie to be a nice treat.
5|4305|before shrek I had never laughed at anything related to fairy tales. Really clever, and a great soundtrack
5|17044|even though i beleive this movie is a 4, i give it a five to balance out those who disliked it, thus bolstering the grade a little bit. :) I thought it was fairly interesting concept that was somewhat predictable. I liked the idea that would prove that innocent men and women get put to death each year by the state and how that really doesn't matter to those who are in charge. There was many anarchist measages in the movie which i found pleasing. (by this i mean real anarchist, not the stuff those in charge like to scare little kids with) Most people i don't think picked up on that as well. Enough with the praise, now for what i didn't like. Kate seemed to breka into tears every few seconds even though the first time was really understandable. The character of David gale started off as some one you could almost like, but then he slips into blandhood which means by the end you really almost don't care what happens to him. This i chalk up to bad writting because kevin does a good job of trying to save the heart of the character. 
1|24179|What a dumb movie! Another piece of bad entertainment from Jerry Bruckheimer. This film is loud, dumb, and full of special effects; no one with half a brain would believe the plot of sending oil drills into space to blow up an asteroid. Filled with cliche's too, from the quirky comic relief characters to the self-sacrifice of Bruce Willis at the end. A poor excuse to show an expensive CGI scene of Paris blowing up.
5|20830|IT IS THE BEST MOVIE EVER!!
1|3689|There are several movies I am sorry ever got made, and this is one of them. I am so sorry I wasted my hard earned cash on such a rotten movie. But one could one expect from anything starring one of the worst actors ever to disgrace the screen, KELSEY GRAMMER? Even Robert De Niro, whose mere presense usually says GOOD MOVIE, couldn't help this trash. Dumb plot, dumb movie.
1|3851|JET LI STINKS.
5|1269|Yet another great movie for the John Travolta fan. With cameos by Bruce Willis and a host of other actors, Pulp Fiction uses destruction, swearing, and death to portray a remarkably entertaining movie. Samuel L. Jackson also provides a strong character and delivers lines that everyone will and has been saying. Not for the weak at heart!
5|6506|wow what a movie this was. Kirk Douglas charcecter sure has a heart and what happened at the end made me cry and that I thank our Lord that what had happened in the movie does not happen in AMERICA. One of the best war movies ever made!
5|13222|One of the best movies ever made (along with The Graduate and Citizen Kane). But do yourself a favor and read the book first. Kesey's one masterpiece is a wild ride, and familiarity with the complexity of the book will only add to your enjoyment of the movie.
5|22941|I love this movie, a very dark futuristic story of government brain tampering. It really shows how we can go too far. I especially like all of the characters' psychotic visions, and the ultra-violence.
5|12882|This movie is amazing. It is one of the best movies ever made, and my favourite movie of all time.
5|4477|Another excellent Disney movie. All the animals in the jungle are a hoot to watch, and who doesn't want to sing along with the classic Bare Necessities ?
5|17722|The best horror series ever made!
5|5769|Considered by me and critcs alike as one of the best movies ever made. Bette Davis is simply brilliant. Supporting actors and actresses superb. There's never going to be another film like it. Truely a classic in every sense of the word!
5|718|The movie kept me interested. I was anxious to see what was going to happen next. I loved the mystery involved. Harrison Ford is a good actor.
5|5782|WOW, I can't believe I am the only person as of yet to review this film! It is a classic, and one of the best in the film Noir genre. Crawford is stunning in this film of murder and deceit. Going from a housewife baking pies to make money to spoil her ungreatful daughter Veda, to becoming an ambitious owner of a successful chain of restaurants, we see an evolution of a character that is so exciting to watch, the end comes all to soon. Along the way Mildred (Crawford) meets a wonderfully charming man( Monty ), who sells her his place, so that she can open her first restaurant. The two become involved with one another, but we soon see that once her restaurant is a success, he doesnt have a problem taking "tips" from her. Her daughter, who hates anything that smells "of grease" spends her mothers hard earned money with ease, and becomes even more of a nightmare then she was before. She and Monty make fun of Mildred for working for a living, but have no problem spending the earnings. Mildred soon ends her relationship to Monty, but after Veda leaves ( she marries only for a couple of days, to get a 10,000 check on the false grounds that she became pregnant on her wedding night ) Mildred kickes her out, and rightly so. But because Veda is her only surviving daughter, she wants her to come back home. So she marries Monty, who marries her only if she gives him a third of the share in her company. This turns out to be a mistake as he soon sells out, and Mildred is left with the scraps of a company she built with her own two hands. In the end Murder is a result, but who did it? Was it Mildred, her daughter, her first husband? I don't want to spoil the suprise as I have said quite alot about the film already. All I can say is this is one of my favorite movies of all time, and Crawford is at her best in this film. If you enjoyed this one, checkout Crawfords rather less known noir film, "A womans face" which in my opinion is her finest film! 
5|17911|ONE OF THE SCARRIEST MOVIES OF ALL TIME!! IT MAKES YOU THINK AND IT'S A GREAT CONVERSATION TOPIC!!!!
5|22772|What a wonderful family movie. I saw this for the first time almost 20 years ago in one of those huge theaters they used to have. A moving, funny, story about a boy and his friedship with an extra terrestrial. who is named E.T. the three children in the family try to keep E.T.a secret. After a short while E.T. wants to go home.so the kids try to find a way for him to communicate with his planet. Of course when they find that way the public finds out about E.T. and tries to take him so they can experiment on him.the kids and friends have to find a way to rescue E.T. and get him to the ship. this is just a real feel good movie about the friendship between E.T. and Elliot. All the kid actors are good. Drew Barrymore was adorable. this movie had me laughing.and crying.A well done movie.
1|3104|Horrid epic with miscast Bruce Willis stuck in lamebrained, overblown action scenes. The screenplay could be the greatest since The Adventures Of Pluto Nash .
5|12869|Are we watching the same movie? This movie is very good. Great story line, originality, and conclusion.
5|1282|One of my favorite movies. I love the sequences and how they go about with the scenes not in order. Bruce Willis, Samuel L. Jackson and John Travolta are great.
5|15860|This seems like the type of movie that has 2 camps on it - those that loved it and those that hated it. Waht mood were you in when watching it? Was the length of the movie a factor for you or was time not of the essence? Was the story so winding that you did not get a chance to appreciate and get to know the characters? These are all valid circumstances that could affect your position on the movie. So I rented 'Magnolia', sat down and dedicated myself to it for 3 hours and absolutely loved the movie. After watching it, I wondered if it was the best movie that I have ever seen. Very well could be, but that is a big decision to make after only having seen it a couple of nights ago. The acting performances were unbelievably realistic, honest and moving. Yep, even Tom Cruise was terrific in the movie. Stroy line twisted and turned until you found yourself back at the beginning. So yeah, I watched the movie and loved it. I would have recommended it to anyone that I thought could habdle it. Kept thinking about it the next day and wondered if it was really so great. So I sat down and watched it again the following night.One of the best movies I have ever seen.
5|9806|A sure winner......if you dont like this movie then I dont think you are from earth! Michael Douglas and Annette Bening are fantastic and the chemistry they had in this movie was really great! Wonderful story, wonderful acting, and a LOT of laughs! 
5|22014|Absolutely hilarious - i quote it all the time
1|7404|Although it has one or 2 amusing moments, it again turns too raunchy for its own good and has distatesful visual gags, too many sex jokes and too much profanity. About the only light are the occasionally-amusing parents, who swim in and out of tasteful and yucky. The acting is still sub-par, except for the father, and the plot is innane. Avoid this movie!
1|24192|Tedious. Plodding. Infinitely dull. A waste of a fine comedic talent.
5|19082|This was a great movie which just left me in suspense. It was a well thought out story and it couldn't have had a better ending.
5|10918|I thought this movie was sweet, funny and romantic! I just can't see why anyone wouldn't like it! Drew is hysterical as a nerd, and cool as can be when she finally gets kissed!
5|20603|I think that the music in this movie was awesome, which is probably why it's a musical. Nonetheless, the movie rocked.
5|21509|This one wrapped everything up just like it was supposed to and then some. Sith was much better then the previous two and is as good as the first three. Lots of action and a few suprises with a nice steady pace. The best movie of the summer, really!
5|2947|Great camera angles and a great story, but can be a little slow at times.
5|20617|this movie is a great classic of the 70's.it has love, lust, music, and drama..all the ingredients to make a great 70's classic for all the world to pick up and make better!!
5|1296|Definitely one of the best movies released in recent years. Brilliantly written and directed by Quentin Tarantino and the entire cast is superb. The movie manages to both funny and shocking in a completely unconventional manner. The soundtrack is great. The first time I saw the film I couldn't quite believe what I was seeing. That's exactly what I loved about it.
1|19561|I hate this movie. It is not scary whatsoever and the whole plot of the movie is stupid.
5|24471|This is not what you d expect from Linklater. I m one of those people that was not too impressed with either Slacker or Dazed and Confused. Sure, they were entertaining and good stoner flicks. But they were far from brilliant. Maybe I was missing something. So I expected something similar from Waking Life. But I was really amazed. This movie is extraordinary! The animation thing is quite new for me, but it works really well. The whole movie plays like a dream montage, but everything also fits together seamlessly into a whole. The movie also leaves you wondering about a lot of things. This is definitely something I am glad to own, because I m going to have to revisit parts of it to get a better understanding of some of the philosophical concepts they were addressing.
5|9812|I almost passed this movie by but was I very pleasantly surprised! Good cast and very very very funny. Steve Martin provides constant laughs and entertainment. Not one boring bit in the whole movie. One of the films that I watch over and over.
5|22000|This wasn't a huge blockbuster, but I know many people who regard this as their favorite movie of all-time. It has it all: dry humor, a love story, action. Andre the Giant deserved Oscar consideration.
1|10545|Home Alone... are you kidding? Mcauley, how's your wife?
5|20171|I was hesitant about seeing this movie when it premiered...I finally worked up enough nerve to view it. I'm glad that I did. Stellan Skarsgard was excellent as Father Marron (??spelling??)! Watching it gave me a lot of answers as to the WHY of Pazuzu's existence in the first place.
5|5796|One of the best examples of ensemble acting on film, headed by the ever-reliable Henry Fonda (who was also one of the producers of the film). Also wonderfully controlled (and confined) sense of direction by the often underrated veteran Sidney Lumet (The Verdict, Network). 
1|24838|If I could rate this movie with negative stars, I would. When I heard about this project, I was excited for months. My favorite book, to be made into a 2 part miniseries! I had such high hopes for it. Great cast, with incredible potential, the screencaps looked amazing (I will give it that, the sets and costumes were bang on). Even the music was good, using 'The Mystic's Dream' by Loreena McKennitt as the theme. However, none of that could make up for the horrible butchering of the story, seemingly for entertainment's sake. Granted, I only saw that last 2 hours of the film. But after that, I have no intention of ever seeing that first 2. I won't spoil it for anyone that, for whatever cracked out reason, wants to see it, but when I saw Viviane's death, I became mildly violent. I'm actually getting fairly angry just remembering it, so I'll leave off by saying DON'T WATCH IT. At all. Especially (and I can't stress this enough), if you're a fan of the book. 
1|4657|Shockingly depressing and downbeat for a children's tale, this overrated pseudo-classic has crude animation, uninspired voice acting and little humor present.
1|17202|Up until this movie, Harrison Ford had the most spotless list of good movies that any actor would only dream of having. Some would say that this movie may have started a chain of lacklustre movies. With later titles such as What Lies Beneath and Hollywood Homicide, that may be true. The biggest problem wth this movie, and the main reason why it's so bad, is the concept of the movie. Two different people meet up with one another because the strange simultanious deaths of their lovers. That's it! There is no real plotline to follow up on. The audience is left with no real resolution. You might as well say the movie ends 30 minutes into it. With that in mind, anyone watching will be left in a state of bordem that drains the life out of them the reminder of the time. Do yurelf a favor, and pass this one up. Pick up the Sabrina remake before this one.
5|22996|Although this film requires a good attention span, it is well worth it. The implications of the symbolism are thought provoking. This one film deals with the essence of humanity; where did we came from, where are we going, what is our place in the universe. It is exciting; sometimes frightening and disturbing. The special effects were stupendous for it's time, they changed the standard for the sci-fi industry.
1|2226|Puerile and obvious beyond belief, not to mention jingoistic. A disgusting movie. I wanted to take a shower after watching ten minutes of it.
5|5966| Nobody s perfect, says its famous last laugh. But this scintillating comedy is! Wilder and Diamond s script, which springs out of Chicago s infamous St. Valentine s Day Massacre of 1929, alarmed bosses, who predicted outrage and disaster. At the time, mixing female impersonation, romantic comedy and murder stretched the limits of taste and genre formula. But when Wilder put together gangsters, wise-cracking, cross-dressing heroes and Marilyn Monroe, he wrought a laugh riot played by an inspired cast. Key to its success - along with its vivid characters and brilliant performances - is the snappy pace throughout. Non-stop gags, invention, twists and comic incident flow, as Joe and Jerry -brilliant Curtis and screamingly funny Lemmon - elude mob boss George Raft by wriggling into an all-girl jazz band, with Josephine and Daphne s legendary drag act taking in amorous adventures, seductive deceptions and madcap pursuits. Wilder never wastes time explaining the obvious. One minute, for instance, Joe affects a falsetto on the phone to line up the job with Sweet Sue and Her Society Syncopators; next shot we re following well-muscled calves tottering down a railway platform, the men s transformation self-evident, and the more startling for it. Among the highlights: Sugar singing Running Wild; Daphne and millionaire Osgood s tango; Curtis impersonation of Cary Grant; and Daphne s engagement announcement, while Lemmon, on the bed, shakes his maracas in an absurd ecstasy, is a masterpiece of comic timing. Wilder s comedy frequently exhibits a vulgar streak, but this is tempered by his Viennese elegance and elevated by his and Diamond s collaborative, mischievous wit. Summary: ONE OF THE FUNNIEST FILMS EVER MADE!!! 
5|10924|very very funny.
5|21|Absolutely 'Boy's Own' fiction...superb stuff. An adventure that has you rooted to the spot.
5|22028|Best Alien movie. Bill Paxton was great as Hudson.
5|7803|Any movie that stars Adam Sandler is guaranteed to be absolutely histerical. His humor is clever and original.
1|2554|This movie was totally gay. It was another stupid gay ass plot for Jackie Chan. I wish I could kick his ass and get my money back.
5|15690|this movie has so much potential and it carries with it so many different emotions, such as: Joy and sadness. Robin Williams has perfected the character very well and the way his heaven is his wives paintings is an idea I have never heard before. You really have to watch it several times to understand it!
5|10930|I now realize it is a bit juvnenile, but it is the movie I have probably seen the most times in my life. I can never watch it through without cracking up at least 5 times. The idea of the 10-year-old Kevin McCallister outsmarting everyone he encounters is hilarious. One of my favorite moments is when he manipulates the movie in his hotel room to sound like it's talking to the workers at the Plaza Hotel. The schemes he devises to trick Harry and Marv are also extremely amusing. Overall, an indescribably comical movie.
5|21535|An absolutely beautiful movie. The directing impresses me to an undying end.
1|15367|Julia Stiles SUCKS. So does Sean Patrick Thomas.
1|13070|what an overrated film!
5|5972|Definitely one of the best comedies ever. Jack Lemmon and Tony Curtis are very impressive, and Marilyn Monroe, for once, does a good job. I would definitely recommend it.
5|12699|Carp all you want about the man and his movies--but Moore DID try to warn America. Yet more than half voted for the sh*thead Bush even after this not-seen-broadly-enough movie. And now you see how true the film portriat was--a pompous, stupid, clueless, uncaring man is dragging us down, and we "get" three more miserable years of it... Thanks for trying, Michael... 
5|22982|very confusing, I had to watch it a bunch of times to get the story line, but once I did I loved this movie. only for smart people. kubrick has a way of doing that. the scariest movie I've ever seen and it wasn't a horror movie. not a feel good movie but I like that, it keeps you thinking(if you have sense enough to stay awake). great though.
5|12706|I am an Australian and hvae juts watched 'Bowlinf for Columbine. I think that Moore has done a fantastic job of this documentary. I was shocked. Aboslutely stunned and disgusted. The way Americans go around with guns is very wrong. I found it very emotional, and right fully so. The scene from inside Columbine High were enough to make me cry. how disgraceful tat such a hting could happen! Whjat is America doing to make this happen?! I know many Americas are angry at being portayed in a negative way, but please deal with it. Most of you are decent people, BUT anyone who agrees with what Charles Heston did, going to Columbine to promote guns a day after the shooting and also where the six yera old innocent girl was shot, to be all happy, hahaa, own a gun, its so great blah blah blah ITS TOTALLY UNACCPETABLE! how disrespectful! What a waste of life that man is! I was also shocked at how America gave money to Saddam Hussein and Osama Bin Laden. Well whats happening now?!?!? oh we hate Hussein, oh kill Osama! They are murderers... Weel take a look in the mirror!!! Abosolutely disgusting. Whether the claims are true or not, and i wil admit maybe moore was too interetsed in money, he has stil opened my eyes to things maybe i wihs i could close my eyes on again, and i know America wants to do tat, BUT DOT! open them!!!!! MAKE YOUR GUN LAWS STRICTER!! save the children. I love Columbine! (also how disgusting the gun trucs had 'we are columbine on them!) thankyou Mr Moore, 'Bowling for Columine' was truly AMAZING!
5|14377|This movie goes to the extremes on all fronts. What a rad show!
5|10111|Jenna Elfman, Ben Stiller, and Edward Norton do justice to one of the oldest jokes around. A priest and a rabbi walk into a... This is a movie that all will enjoy, and if you grew up in a Jewish or Catholic religion you'll have a better appreciation of where you come from, that, and you'll be laughing your butt off! 
5|877|I throughly enjoyed this movie for its awesome plot and great acting.
5|16206|The movie is basically about David Dunn(Bruce Willis) who does not know his place in the world and finds out about it through the helps of Elijah Price(Samuel L Jackson), eventually Dunn finds he has just never gets sick or get hurt like he's immortal. The ending was very unexpected just like the Six Sense, so i'm not gonna spoil the movie. But this is really genius film making, great story, visuals, and the acting is top notch....nuff said!
1|13689|I fell asleep!
5|17118|Dark, existential and very nihilistic. Ewan McGregor showing again, that he plays darker roles far better. Playing a drifter called Joe who lives on a Glasgow barge with an older couple. Joe goes nonchalantly from one inapproprate sexual relationship to another, causing emotional distress in the process. Seemingly feeling guilty and yet unable take responsibility for the behaviour his own insecurities have driven him to. This film has been dubbed 'Last Tango in Glasgow' due to its the sexual intensity, which is usually barely simmering below the surface. Like Last Tango in Paris, the film depends very heavily on sexual chemistry, although by comparison the latter is more tender. The custard scene from Young Adam has acquired a certain kudos all of it's own and rightly so. It's very reminiscent (without being too explicit) of a certain scene in Last Tango. After watching it I was asking myself the question was she consenting or not? Although this in some way defines the film in that these women never reject Joe, showing an emotional weakness on thier part too. Overall, a challenging film which gives you plenty to think about both morally and emotionally, but probably not a good film to watch if you've just been dumped or were looking for a feel good movie! 
1|23992|Very weak flick. Spielberg successfully captured every cliche you can think about from previous science fiction stories. The entire movie is one big Hey, I saw that in another movie. 
1|18904|This movie was gory and offensive to religion. I have no idea how it got to be in the top 20, but it sure doesn't deserve it.
1|16929|Is it all Julia Stiles can do is films with interracial relationships ??? Not being racist at all, but enough already, we get the point!!!! 
5|8477|Very very funny, but raunchy. You will like this movie if you understand sex jokes, but there are a variety of jokes anyway.
5|7744|I admit I didn't get this remarkably dark humor at first but I warmed up to it every viewing. Now I think it's absolutely hilarious with the sexual symbolism, metaphors and what-not. Those who didn't like it should try watching it again because people are sure to miss something with only one viewing. Heil Kubrick!
1|18910|This was NOT a horror movie. I got so bored I couldn't finish watching it. Blah.
5|7988|Robin Williams is an overactor, but he does it w/ such great ease. But, he was the ugliest woman that I have ever seen except for Patrick Swayze , Wesley Snipes and John Leguizamo in To Wong Foo... 
5|8463|The best Freakin movie ever made!!!
5|7750|The opening scene of the B-52's being refueled above the clouds with the relaxing music is one of my favorite movie scenes. I would love a wallpaper background of the scene.
5|20978|Dirty Dancing is an 80's classic. It is equally taboo as it is cheesy. Patrick Swayze is a joy to watch because he's such a suave 80's sleazy dancer. This movie is great for young teens to watch.
5|16212|I remember seeing the adds for this film, and thinking that it looked very good. I was extremely dissapointed and bored out of my gord for about 50 minutes of the movie. Then things changed. You started realizing things about each character in the film. By the end of the movie, I was enthralled. Needless to say, I went to see this movie 8 times at the theater, 6 times more than any other movie I have ever seen at a theater. Bruce Willis is perfect in the role of depressed security guard. Samuel L. Jackson gives a great performance as the mysterious comic collector. And we must give honorable mentions to the kid in the comic place, and to the evil guy in the orange suit at the end. The music is awesome and so is the movie. Definite 5 stars.
5|5621|Perry Mason(Raymond Burr) is better as a bad guy.
5|10105|Great movie! Very funny and a unique topic. Not stupid funny the way a lot of movies are trying to be. Quality humor.
5|863|The Sixth Sense, is an amazing movie with excellent acting. Haley Osmond and Bruce Willis worked well together. The producers are extremely talented for being able to pull off such a stunt.
5|8305|Wouldn't have casted Alanis Morrisette as God, some of Smith's knowlege of the Catholic dogma is flawed, but still a great movie !!
5|14363|this movie is truly an incredible piece of art. I can not say this movie was an enjoyable , but it is both unforgetable and haunting. While some people reviewed this talking about the lack of nudity, that is totally not what this movie is about. the acting is incredible, and elly burstyn should have won an oscar for this. also, the music is so important to this movie, especially in creating the mood. This includes the incredibly stunning last ten minutes. This is definetly a director we should be expecting great things from in the future.
5|6328|The best film of the sixties, and maybe all time.
5|5609|Casablanca- the ultimate classic. Great photography, great story line, great acting, great music- much unlike any contemporary American film.
5|693|Harrison Ford is Awsome very good movie
5|18571|This is a very old scary movie. I used to hide in my bed because the movie was stuck in my head.
1|14864|seen it. heard it. been there, done that. only i remember it was better last time.
5|15055|Girl Interrupted is my favorite movie. Winona Ryder and Angelina Jolie were excellent. I related to this movie in everyway. The plot was easy to follow and the ending was predictable. After watching it, it made me question my reality and ask myself, am I crazy? 
5|6300|Audrey Hepburn is incredible in this movie. Excellent songs, costumes, and acting make this a real classic.
5|13424|If I want to see comedy and drama in one movie, this would be it. The mixture of stories, historical data and just plain old humor was great. The movie is fun.
5|9033|i peed myself... 
5|6466|Tied along in a basic sextet of Chaplin's best in my top ten movies, with A Dog's Life (1919), The Kid ('21), City Lights (31), Modern Times (36), and Great Dictator (40). Groundbreaking, influential comedy that set high standards to equal or surpass.
5|15733|A great movie that lives up to the hype.
5|7778|Bow to Happy!!!
5|11555|Hillarious!
5|4271|Why isn't there a 100000 in this ratinnnnggg?????!!!
5|19109|This movie scared the crap out of me and so did the second one, I deffinately loved it..: )
5|10893|great to watch, and it had a really good message
5|21496|One of the all-time greatest movies ever made. I was 7 years old when it came out, and it's hard to describe what a huge impact it had on my life at the time. I wanted Star Wars everything: action figures, trading cards, pillowcases, posters, you name it. I must have badgered my mom to take me to see the movie over 10 times in the theater. Star Wars was exponentially better than any science fiction movie that preceeded it. The special effects, for one thing, were shockingly more advanced than anything we'd seen before. And the story tapped into powerful myths, making it resonate with people at a deeper level than most films. George Lucas was a big fan of Joseph Campbell (an amazing teacher and author in the field of mythology), and Lucas incorporated a lot of Campbell's ideas of The Hero's Journey into Star Wars. Possibly the best tribute to Star Wars is the fact that it still holds up today - 95% of the other movies made at that time seem so dated when you watch them now that they're a joke. But Star Wars endures as a science fiction classic.
5|2600|This movie just took me to a whole different universe. Even though it was viciously disturbing, everything else was perfect. Jennifer Lopez was perfect for the role and did an excellent job. This creative and mystical sci-fi thriller is great to watch(just not with your little sister).
5|20788|Even though Babsy is a political nitwit, she is brilliant as Fanny Brice in this highly entertaining film.
5|4265|You got to love seeing Kermit on a bike.
5|18203|This movie is the best movie ever!!! It has gore, its scary, and it has everything you could want in a horror movie.
1|21175|As far as I'm concerned, when the '60's/70's ended, so did the appeal of this flakey film and play. Actually having a desire to sit through it now would be like suddenly getting an urge to wear bell bottoms, tie-dyed T shirt, wrap a rag around my head and go around giving the peace sign. It just isn't going to happen.
5|6472|One of the top five Westerns of all-time. A very entertaining movie that did not rely on the Duke to carry it. A fantastic supporting cast that was the main reason why this is such a great film in addition to geat directing and writing.
5|13356|i saw it at the age of 11....i cried, i loved it. what 11 year old cries when watching a movie.....one that is truely moved by the story line.
5|14439|One of the greatest movies ever. This shows the life history of a great man. Very well presented with great acting and great characters.
5|9999|Great movie!
5|15041|This movie was fabulous. The message it sent was very deep. Are we all really crazy? Or is it the world that is so crazy?? The character Lisa by far was the best in the movie. After watching this movie I'm always taken aback. Its like I'm actually living it. I love it!! 5+++++
5|6314|Natalie Wood is adorable in this movie, but she's more than just the cute little kid, she can really act too!
5|13430|The character portrays true life experiences as a disabled person dealing with these incidents and social events. I like this movie, it gives examples of how people can display respect to people with disabilites.
5|687|One of the best thrillers of the last 20 years and way better than the TV show. Full of iconic scenes esp the dam.
5|2172|I always did like Lo-Pan. I can really identify with his thing for girls with green eyes.
5|16548|It is definately a movie to watch with the FAMILY. I found it to be very entertaining and witty at times, and Nicholas Cage, as always gave an awesome performance. I really enjoyed watching Cage's character change throughout the film, going from the rich snobbish playboy to the FAMILY MAN. It is definately one worth seeing.
1|24780|Bad in every way.
5|19690|Saw this movie three times. It is lots of fun and the Werewolf is great! Highly recommend if you like Vampires and Werewolfs.
5|17865|This was the scariest movie I've ever seen. I don't know if it was the age that I saw it at (14), or the uncanny ability of Jack Nicholson to play a psychopath, or the mixing of reality horror with surreal horror, but this movie scared the bejesus out of me.
5|22160|Flat out the coolest movie ever made. The best SFX ever and a great storyline. This brought up some points on what may happen if we continue with AI in machinery. It could happen and might be!!!
1|3716|badbadbadbadbad.... Bad dialogue. Bad plot. BAD acting. Bad action. Not funny. Not even bad funny. (no, I am not some English Patient loving snob-I like action movies - but this one blows) 
5|24511|This is a great movie!!
5|15914|Truly the most beautiful movie ever made!!! It didn't just make me and my fiance (and everyone else in the room) cry while watching it, we couldn't stop crying for hours afterwards! It really makes you appreciate your relationship more than ever before! Its amazingly done, and touches the deepest part of your heart! Definately an experience of a lifetime and a MUST SEE for all ages and gender!!!
5|6499|My favorite Fonda movie. Great cast, great acting. Funny, interesting, and dramatic. Actors of today couldn't get it done in a remake.
1|12554|I only went to see that nasty skank die... ((Paris))
5|2827|My favorite paranoid conspiracy film. Cameo by Harrison Ford as a young corporate villain. Quite the cast.
5|21469| In a time long ago...In a galaxy far away... 
5|20763|Cult classic. The entire culture revolving, it is fascinating and enchanting. Tim Curry is a wonderful actor, but the live shows are also just as fun. Audience participation at its best.....
5|2833|Karin Dor is amazing.
5|10878|The Best Movie I ever saw, You Stay Classy San Diego!!!!!
5|22174|This is far and away the best movie I have ever seen. It skillfully weaves multiple plot lines and genres into a seamlessly original, inventive story. Laden with unprecedented and special effects, it is pure visual candy. The villains are intimidating, the heros believable and inspiring. I cannot recommend this film enough!
1|20294|I think this is beyond all bounds the worst of the Child Play franchise. The only frightning moments in this peice were the parts that had people trying to act and the horrible dialogue is spoken. The low production costs and crap idea make this one of the worst Child's Play movies and one of the worst horror films ever made. Complete poo.
5|7793|LOL I am still laughing after just seeing Happy Gilmore. I love this movie. All of the jokes were hilarious. Adam Sandler did a great job. Happy tries to save his Grandma's house and complains that see's old. And Happy goes and joins the tour and everyone should step right up and see if you can outdrive this golf club whacker guy.
1|16726|EWWW! i would never ever ever waste my time on this movie again. i cant believe i wasted $7.75 on it! i kept thinking the movie was going to get better but it didnt. it was soo boring.most of people in the theatre walked out like half way in the movie. i thought it dragged on sooo bad-no i mean reeeeaaal bad! i still dont understand the point of the movie. but its all good.
5|12909|The greatest movie I've ever seen. There's nothing I can say that hasn't been covered by the other reviewers. It's touching, it's interesting, it's clever. It's just a damn good watch. This is a movie I could watch over and over for eternity. Great acting, great plot. Just great!
5|1484|The scariest of the Indiana Jones movies. the temple was real scary and the heart plucking scene, though farfetched, was cool. Also, the mine and rope bridge scenes were exciting.
1|19373|No matter how many Scream movies will be made, they will all be horrible. Every 'unexpected' spook and fright can be seen a mile away. When someone is walking through the dark and the camera is on close-up, of course the chick will turn around to find someone there. Don't go to get scared. You should take your girl, so she can hold on to you.
1|24794|It bites, worse than a vampire with bad breathe.
5|17871|The possessed voice kinda rules. Demonic stuff is so much better than slasher flicks, which I file under comedy. "The power of Christ compels you!"
5|20005|Dude, this movie was great, Rob Zombie did really well making fun of classic horror movies, I love the camera angles, and how all of the deaths are brutal and painful, you guys that said it sucked obviously have no taste.
5|678|I enjoyed seeing that side of war, being able to see the unity that the soldiers had to develop with each was interesting. I think that in today's world people need to have a sense of teamwork.
5|14388|A wonderfull movie. George Lucas' look at growing up in California in the '60's. A must for any collection.
5|12921|Another incredible movie! When I first heard what it was about, I have to admit, I was not eager to see it. I rented it when it came out on video. I wish that I had seen it in the theatre. Not for the graphics (wasn't any really) but just to really get into the movie. To see it much better on the big screen. All of the actors did such an incredible job on this film, I thought they all deserved an Oscar!
5|888|This is the best psychological thriller ever made. It has a great sequence of events and good actors.
5|17859|The book was magnificent!!! I almost cried at the part where Jack Nicholson said No honey, I don't want to hurt you, I just want to smash your f-ckin' face in! That means a lot to me.
5|650|This was pretty intense. Full of carnage and gave me a new arsenal of insults.
1|9207|Why do they continue to let hugh grant and sandra bullock refer to themselves as actors?
5|17681|Roberto Benigni was the greatest comic actor of his day (he makes dopes like Adam Sandler look like amateurs). Then he became afflicted with the fatal disease all-too-common among great comedians: the wish to be a 'serious' actor, working in 'serious' movies. Too bad. This one is probably his funniest, but 'The Monster' is pretty good too.
5|11596|great movie..
5|20993|Dirty Dancing is a true classic. The dancing and the romance was so beautiful. I never get tired of watching it.
5|9796|I liked this movie because I have never laughed so hard and so much in my entire life. The comedians were right om beat, they were all excellent and they understand comedic timing.
5|13381|Awsome movie! I could watch it a 10000 times and still Love it
5|23242|Best. Movie. Ever. This ran circles around the first. Before I saw it, my favorite movie was The Nightmare Before Christmas. I haven't read any of the books, though. The best part was with the snake and the bird.
5|9782|I'd have to say I liked this movie a lot. After a whole year of dry, gimmicky comedies hogging up the screen, this is a refreshing break from all of that. There is little fluff in the content of this movie, and contains nothing more than pure comedy.
5|122|great movie! full of suspense. well acted(anthony hopkins is awsome!) and well directed. Who knew a film about canabalism whould be a hit. definitly recomended!
5|11582|My favorite movie of all time: Richard Pryor, George Carlin, Bill Duke, Antonio Huggy Bear Fargus (what a cast!). A killer sound track by Rose Royce. The Pointer Sisters. C'mon Dog, what's not to like about this movie!?
5|20987| Dirty Dancing is among my favorite movies. The movie has a wonderful soundtrack and the plot keeps my attention. This is a movie that you can watch countless number of times.
5|10844|ive seen all the scary movies and i thought the 3rd one was the best this one was funny as hell but i have to admit that scary movie went downhill because they werent being completely serious with this one. and even though a lot of people thought this one was dumb those same people still might go see the 4th one cause u never no what there gonna do in the next one i cant wait until they come out with the 4th one.
5|21327|Eastwood singing is worth the rental alone, but Lee Marvin belting out Wandering Star is a lifetime memory.
5|5806|You wouldn't think a whole movie about a jury room could be interesting. It isn't... it's amazing! Highly recommended.
5|17695|this movie is the best..if you like japanese films you have got to see this..it will make you laugh and have you wanting more!
5|12935|Great movie!!!!
5|15082|good movie
5|7546|I thought this was an awsome movie.
1|20041|This is definately one of the worst horror movies ever made...and the budget of this movie isn't the only thing to blame for it either. Bad acting, bad script, bad scenery. Hated it ! It will literally make you vomit if you are a car sick type individual.
5|12262|tom green is the best
5|6880|Funny. Very genuinely funny. British humor without being insufferable. No apologies made, no prisoners taken. The quotable movie of all time.
5|1137|A 3 hour long Pacino saga that never gets old.
5|6658|Paul Schofield won the Oscar for his portrayal of Thomas More, a man of integrity, faith and courage in facing Henry VIII. (You know all about good King Hank, don't you?)
5|18029|i loved it because i thought sissy is a great actress.She was like me when i was 16.I never went to my prom.All the populer kids hatted me.
1|12795|Well if you overlook the fact that his assertions about McDonald's are complete supposition based on scientifically inadmissible evidence then the film is only, well, a piece of crap. Mr. Spurlock makes no compelling case against McDonald's or fast food in general. He accuses McDonald's of being interested only in the bottom line, yet when his doctor's advise him to discontinue his experiment he bravely forges on so he can finish his film and sell it to the masses. Who's interested in the bottom line now Mr. Spurlock?
5|19337|Very good. It is very creepy. You ill be affraid of dolls after you see it. Its actually funny somtimes.
5|16004|truly this is one of the most devastatingly effective films ive ever seen.When i left bthe theater i was trembling and crying like a baby. lars von teir has created a materpeice and a new saint for our times in Selma(expertly acted by BJORK),a woman who is losing her sight as she works in a factory to save money so har son can have surgery and not go blind.catherine deneuve co stars as selmas best friend.This film is scarier than any horror film i have ever seen.and more emotional than any film i have ever seen. if i could give it ten stars i would.i almost forgot to tell you abou the musical numbers...oh well go see for yourself. 
5|18997|My kind of movie, my kind of plot line. Well done, interesting and still outrageous. Loved it.
5|4729|My dog skip....very umotionall made me pour out teers. Its about a boy with not many friends in the 1940s during world war two. His next door niehgbor is a famous baseball player and he gives him tips on baseball and they are good friends. Then the famous baseball player goes to war. The boys (I dont remember any of the names)mom gives him a dog for his birthday without his dad knowing. He almost has to get rid of the dog because of his dad. But he gets to keep him. This dog makes his life alot better. Until everything goes wrong.....I give it a five
5|16762|Taliesin Jones movie was a pleasant surprise! I was totally engrossed in the story line and the acting was convincing and sincere! Taliesin Jones movie deserves better publicity so that more people experience this journey of life from the perspective of the heart of a child, real, true, full of joy, heartache,compasion,adventure, and surprises. Like life is, but with also showing us a path to hope. Great movie!!! 
5|2358|Like James Bond, Ethan is our kind of special agent. Het gets to break into facilities using interesting tools and weapons. He gets to look at confidential papers, and gets the girl. What was all bad though is his folks get shot.
5|10313|Perfectly wild physical comedy from the master himself. A fun movie and a classic of it's kind.
5|5437|One of the few lengthy movies that fights through the slower areas well and keeps the audience interested. A masterful performance by Guiness. To me his character was a madman and so driven to his cause as a soldier that only at the very end does he regain his sanity. The supporting cast was numerous and very well done. I would dispute this idea it was a war movie. The Great Escape was more of a war movie in overall context and presentation. At least in that several moments of fighting took place and there were scenes with nazis and a motorcycle chase. Escape even had a plane crash. Kwai was more of a drama that simply used war as a backdrop to an engrossing story. A fine film whether you like war movies or not.
5|14175|I've never seen a real-life movie that was this good. It presented a controversial topic in a way that can open people's minds. The acting was great. Hilary Swank deserved her award for the portrayal of Brandon.
5|7220|Animal House is one of the most realistic + funniest movies of all time.
5|1889|really good plot.. and the movies greatness was enhavced by travolta's attitude on screen.nicholas cage was mognificent.. even though the story was a little far fetched i thought it was really good.. john woo did a really good job in this film and he got an amazing star cast 
5|9219|Definetly one of my all time favorites. Wickedly funny, and so very, too.
5|14161|it was really sad and it was kinda messed up too, but it was a great movie
5|8107|Glad to see this movie rated so high. Best and smartest comedy all time! John Goodman's best role ever! Donnie was a good man, and a good bowler...But you took him, Lord, like you did to so many young men before their time at Lon Doc, Khe Sahn, and HILL 354! (all real Vietnam Battles by the way)
5|11019|I was surprised by how funny this movie was. It fits in with the whole American Pie style comedies, with plenty of jokes about sex and drug use. The two minority characters give it a different twist though, and there is a lot of good racial humor going on.
5|19445|The first one was good...
5|3052|This is a cool movie.
5|16776|Drumline is an awesome movie. I saw it awile ago, so I don't remember quite a bit of it. But from what I saw it was a really good story.
5|5423|Not only is it a really enjoyable movie, but we even used part of it to study in my Macroeconomics class!
1|12781|This is NOT a documentary at all. Its Moore's distorted facts, half truths, and lies that is all jumbled into one big disasterous propaganda piece. And its not because I just don't like him. the movie jumps all over the place, from one issue to the next. It was poorly put together, and does a poor job of linking Bush to Saudi Arabia and Saddam. He only allowed soldeirs who were against the war to speak out. He also said that only one Congressman had a family member in Iraq, which is a LIE. There are actually 4 of them. How can anyone take this crap seriously? Every time he tries to get serious, he quickly ruins it with cheap shots and jokes at Bush. Like Bush's bad looks or his poor speech. What mature, fair documentary does that? The notion is given that all soldiers are against war, and that only conservatives supported it. He never once mentions who several liberals, including Mr. Kerry voted for military action and for the Patriot Act on several occassions. He mainly just reinstitutes information that has already been told by everyone else. I learned nothing new from watching this. Nothing. Instead of trying to make me support Kerry, (which is the entire point of this film) he has only managed to make me support the President even more. The opening is the worst part of the movie. He tries saying how Al Gore really won. Really, when are the sore losers from the left stop thier bitching and moaning? YOU LOST! Get over it already. Back to the issue on Iraq, if Moore actually said that liberals and Kerry voted for military action, I would have given this a three rating. But he didn't, because he's biased. He is an admitted Communist. And no, he did not make any money off of me. I purchased a ticket for another movie but seen this instead. Like Ive said, no knew information on current events was unfolded in this piece. Mr. Moore was simply doing what he does best- making millions on the deaths of innocents. He's is a really awesome at propaganda pieces. Joseph Goebbels would be jumping for joy if he seen this. Moore complains that there are not enough troops in Iraq. Why doesn't he sign up? Huh? It would do his fat body some good. This comment may sound like a personal attack, and it some way it is. But I hate liars and hypocrites who love to distort the American public.
5|19323|it was the best film i've seen & to make it better Jake Richardson is gorg
1|20055|What a disappointment. Not scary in the least. The camerawork didn't bother me, but girl in the film sure did. I kept wishing the Blair Witch would come out and get her so she would shut the hell up. A nagging woman is something that I can't stand.
5|8661|up there with something about mary
5|15519|A Five Star all the way. The Titanic won so many awards also. Great special effects. The romance between Jack and Rose was so sweet at the begining but very very sad at the end.
5|13168|This is good follow up to the first movie and I love it. I would like to see more movies.
5|2402|I love this movie !!!!! It's the best, mickael and oliver are so cuteeeee. If you could see this movie, i think that you have to. byebye world! 
5|16038|I would see it again in a heartbeat. The love and tension between the King and Anna could be felt throughout the film -- the scenery and setting were equally captivating. It may take a bit to warm up to Jody Foster in this roll -- but even if you don't it remains pleasing to the eye.
5|21694|Probably my most favorite of the trilogy. It had too many endings though. lol. As always, Liv is simply beautiful and Vigo has talent. 
5|4073|It was hilarious and the graphics were fab!
5|8649|In terms of dry humor, this may be the best comedy ever made.
5|8891|I loved every minute of this film.It was entertaining from beginning to end. The acting was well done and the characters were hilarious and memorable. The only gripe I had with the film was that there were some stuff in the movie that was already used in Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels. Other than that, it is a fantastic film that's worth watching again and again.
5|9557|Vince Vaughn Is A Cutie In This Movie Jon Favreau Is Hysterical !!!!
5|13140|This must be one of the most painful movies to watch, and yet it's painfully beautiful. Somehow it manages to be inspiring in the midst of this horrific, incomprehensible tragedy. I didn't see it in the theater, and I really hesitated to rent it, because I kept thinking I had to be in just the right mood to handle something so heavy. While that's true, it shouldn't prevent anyone from seeing this film. Spielberg controls the narrative masterfully. If you don't know much about the Holocaust, you should. And this movie is a great introduction.
5|6664|One of the first and one of the best movies about racial conflicts. A classic gem.
5|13626|I loved this movie it was a great movie I COULD WATCH IT OVER AND OVER and not get board.
5|6102|Unquestionably the greatest horror film of all time! Everything from the performances to Franz Waxman's beautiful score to James Whale's Oscar-worthy direction is truly astounding! BRIDE OF FRANKENSTEIN is a true classic and is one of the greatest movies ever made, in my opinion.
5|14149|I'm a bit late in coming in on this, but I count Boys Don't Cry as among one of my favorite films. It is raw, powerful, disturbing and heartwrenching. Hilary Swank was amazing and totally deserved the Oscar! The supporting cast was great as well, from Chloe Sevigny as the just-as-confused lover of Brandon to Peter Sarsgaard as sociopathic killer John Lotter. The first time I saw it I wasn't too sure, but after watching it a few more times, I really got into the story. The fact I used to live just over an hour from where the real Teena Brandon was murdered (I now live in Omaha) hit close to home. Seeing the movie helped me become, well, obsessed with the real case. I've been to Falls City, I've seen the house Brandon was murdered in, I've been to her grave in Lincoln, it just blows your mind that something like this happened in America in 1993! The story is more along the lines of a racial lynching in the South in the 1920s, but it is real, it happened right under our noses in late 1993 as we were sitting in theaters, stunned and watching Schindler's List. Yes, this movie might be very uncomfortable for many to watch, but it's such an important film for the time we live in. If you can't handle it, then you must have a problem with reality. It's not freaky stuff that goes on in the film- Teena Brandon really DID dress as a man, DID date women and have sex with them, DID get her pants pulled down and she WAS raped and murdered for no good reason! You can't make that kind of stuff up, folks. People just need to open their hearts and minds a little bit to realize there are still people in this country to this very day who are harassed, beaten and even killed because of who they are. Does the name Matthew Sheppard ring a bell with anyone? He and Teena Brandon will go down in history as tragic martyrs of the gay/transsexual rights movement.
1|23212|This movie is such a far cry from the in your face, heartstopping, blood chilling, action filled franchise that it takes it's name from it could almost be a spinoff. I did NOT like this film at all. The whole gentler-kinder misunderstood alien angle (at least, that's what I got out of it) didn't do anything for me. This movie was bad enough to make me glad the Sigourney has said she'll never do a fifth. I'll keep my fingers crossed.
5|17440|Well then,farrellsfilm,get a copy out of a library or Blockbuster! That is,if you want my opinion....This is a film that,if you are lucky,will change your life. It is incredible.
5|11025|This 1980s movie spoofs a whole lot of stuff. Weird Al was great back then. The story revolves around him buying out a crummy little television station and trying to hit it big on the air. Things get off to a very slow start but his creative ideas boost the station's success and make the you laugh. It's a great movie.
5|17454|Fellini at his poetic best! The movie that launched his and his wife's careers into stardom. And it was the first movie to win best foreign language film at the Oscars.
5|485|BEST OF ALL TIME
5|13632|This film is brutal in it's portrayal of racism, prejudices, and the consequences thereof. This is certainly not a film for the average viewer; many scenes run you over like a freight train. If racism offends you, you should see this film. If a blunt treatment of racist ideas is not your cup of tea, I still think you should see this film since it takes on these ideas in a frank manner. The reviewer known as newsoul would be well served to watch this film.
5|6116|Ben Hur was a revolutionary movie with respect to special effects featured in it. Most notably, the sea battle, and the warrior cart scenes are outstanding. Of course, considered from our turn of the century point of view, those effects may seem 'primative' (bad word) but the movie as a whole counts as one of the most significant in movie history. Also by depicting Biblical events and the historical surroundings in a very attractive way.
5|15525|Best movie ever made!!
5|8885|two words; fantastic movie
5|13154|Not as good as the original but still one of the best dramas (and sequals) ever.
5|21858|No other film plays irony better than this one. The scene where Marty's mom kisses him near the end made me shriek with laughter. Not enough can be said about just how funny this film is. The scene where marty dresses like and alien and tells George he is Darth Vader from the planet... Vulcan with the hand gesture thrown in for emphasis, then threatens to melt his mind with Van Halen if he doesn't ask Loraine to the dance is pure gold.
5|5379|What's not to like about It's a Wonderful Life?
5|17332|One of the best movies I have ever seen. Beautiful to watch. Humorous details throughout. Yet has a serious story -- the search for one's life meaning -- told metaphorically and directly, with humor, pathos, even an element of suspense/mystery. All the characters are well-developed and fun. Different story lines to keep one engaged. I highly recommend this uplifting movie. When I saw it in the theater the whole place was laughing, often. (Warning: this is an adult movies and is in French)
5|4067|Better than the original by far... It's funny as hell, and has great imitations of other movies, e.g. Star Wars. If you don't see this, you will regret it. My only complaint is the new character of Jesse who has the most annoying voice and character you will ever see in a cartoon, but don't let it spoil woody and buzz's adventure. A terrific movie for all!!
1|9987|This movie was a dissappointment. There were a few clever moments, but most of the jokes are just vulgar and disgusting. Cheri O'Teri is the only highlight.
5|5392|This movie didn't hit me till well into my 30s. It really got to me this last Xmas. When George is ready to off himself, and when he sees life without him, that always brings a tear. Stewart did a hell of a job in this one. Even the love story rang true. I love his transformation from optimist to cynic to optimist again. It really speaks to all of us. Very American, but also a true cinema classic.
1|12756|Pure cut and paste.I thought documentaries were based on fact.A look into the mind of the hollywood left.They see the world as a big picture that is to be directed to their taste.Even sadder are the mindless zombies who believe and base their arguments on this garbage.
5|20575|This is one of those great movies that I continue to watch over and over again. The entire movie is phenomenal, the music, acting, and dancing are incredible!
5|7585|I loved this movie! It was by far the funniest I've seen in all my life.
5|14808|a great dramatic film starring some great british actors iv got the dvd and have watched iot loads of times and never got sick of it. if you like this film read junk by melvin burgess, it portrays all the difficulties of being a heroin addict as well as the pleasures you can see the donward spiral leading to being a total addict and going into rehab. similar to trainspotting.
5|6843|This movie never gets old to me! Some many great characters and scenes!
5|22404|I am probally going to get slammed for this, but I like this and The Phantom Menace alot.
5|13801|Great film. Very long, and very emotional. Good actors, and Tom Hanks is at his prime.
1|19165|sucks big time nowhere near as good as the original overated
5|1692|This is more than just a movie. It's a visual masterpiece. The desert scenes are truly spectacular. The audience when I saw this picture actually started to applaud shortly after the film began. This is truly one film that must be seen on the big screen. I have not been so moved by the beauty of a film since David Lean's Lawrence of Arabia.
5|3085|I loved this movie. The bad guys actually got what they deserved!
1|12024|Dude-This movie sucked!
5|3091|A graet army movie.
5|13815|A terrific movie. You won't feel the 3-hours playing time. Highly recommended!
5|7591|Very funny, very witty, brilliantly scripted and not a bad performance in the cast. The soundtrack ain't bad either. Oh George, not the livestock.
5|22376|Very, very good sci fi film. Its not a wham bam here's all the action at once. This film develops slowly and has hooks in it that make you jump out of your seat and keeps your eyes glued to the screen at the same time! The music is great, the SFX aren't particularly good, but it makes up for it with the acting, plot and the designs of HR Giger. The acting is great and I can watch this film over and over again.
5|6857|What else has to be said except that its THE GREATEST COMEDY MOVIE EVER MADE!!! I can watch holy grail 50 million times and still be laughing as hard as the first time watching it.
5|4098|This is a great movie for all ages. One that should be seen by everybody.
5|20561|One of those movies that Hollywood just can't ever make again. Attempting it would be a waste and might damage the aura of a solid classic.
5|8852|Any high school senior will appreciate this flick. It seems everyone in this movie relates to someone you know or knew. A must see with friends, the more the better. Don't forget your wood-shop projects....
5|13183|Jack's charisma shone through
5|9594|Surprisingly funny
5|14834|billy bob's best performance to date. he's hardly recognizable, and without a drop of make-up or latex. an absolutley heart-wrenching story, with some of the best quotable lines of any movie i've ever seen.
5|21657|I loved it. The best one yet. It had a well planed plot to it.
5|11794|john goodman at his best
5|18968|I'm with Mr. Pink and Thorne. This movie is a great finisher for the trilogy. Ash becomes such a badass in this chapter. Those who find him shallow are dead wrong. He's been through so much, a cabin of evil creatures(twice) losing his hand and his girlfriend! After all that he comes back and kicks major ass to end the series. Great movie. Watch it.
5|15294|I was amazingly surprised with this story. it's about a bachlor (Hugh Grant) who hates kids, and ins up getting stuck with one. He changes the life of this kid an though he doesn't know, the boy beggins to change his. a very emotional but satisfying movie I give it five *****. ( PG-13 for thematic elements some sexual refferences and Language, including two F-Bombs).
5|22438|Another solid futuristic sci-fi film from Arnold. This time he goes to Mars to find out who brainwashed him, and to liberate the mutants. I know that sounds ridiculous, but it's better than it sounds.
5|24049|I just saw Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within last night, and was very impressed. The graphics were enough to put me in complete awe, and the story isn't bad either. My only complaint is that the story doesn't really relate to the Final Fantasy video game series very much. There are some other nit-picky details as a Final Fantasy nut, but the movie as a whole was excellent, and much better than a lot of other movies out there today. Plus the new CGI animation is revolutionary. Much better than any other computer animated movie in existance. Hooray for Square for starting a wonderful new trend.
5|23726|Wow, what a ride!
5|13829|Very twisted and smart. kind of long. must be very pacient
5|15280|This was an excellent movie in all aspects. All of the actors especially Denzel Washington (who should have won the academy award for Best Lead Actor) did a tremendous job of bringing the story of Robin Hurrican Carter to life. It was a great dramatic film.
1|11511|I found this movie a bit annoying and hope there won't be a Pie3. There is a good message to be found with regards to dating the band camp girl but the rest appears to be a rehash of the first. 
5|23732|I love all the characters in this movie. They are all excellent actors and actresses. Definitely, this is a five-star movie.
5|17497|Fast action. Intriguing cinematography. If you can stomach the dog fight scenes, it is well worth watching a few times.
5|21643|Truly spectacular. I'm not one of these Tolkien fanatics that knows the whole story, so this movie was kind of a first for me. The cast was excellent and you develop a respect for each member of The Fellowship. Many of the villains are somewhat atypical bad-guys, but it all fits in well. Frodo and the gang are fighting something much more powerful than they would be expected to handle, and it is unsettling to watch, but it's truly an epic story. The special effects are breathtaking, the movie is just so... colossal. It wouldn't be a stretch to say that this is the greatest film to ever grace my eyes and ears. I've never encountered something quite like it. Can't wait for the next one!
5|3913|The second best animation ever made definetly the best Disney animation! :o)
5|9580|wonderfully funny. On the way, though, it is also sad and terribly suspending. Oddly enough, it is virtually the same story as Pride and Prejudice , only set into moderns surroundings. And it does not help that Mr. Darcy is played by Colin Firth. However, he is the perfect nice guy thought to be bad... perfect... The movie is, for once, much, much better than the book 
1|16518|Worst movie i have seen in years. a bunch of legendary actors gather together into whqat would be a great movie if it were about something completely different. Donald sutherland is one of the greatest to grace the planet but not even he could save this terrible movie.
5|447|This movie is SOOOO good!! Russel Crowe is SUCH a good actor! it isn't common that a movie with no big names attached to it does good, but this one is definately my new favorite movie!
5|17496|The title speaks for it all. Ya gotta know Spanish to understand the title! 
5|13828|This was the first movie that really took on the emotional experiences of our Vietnam veterens in a realistic way. The before and after scenes made a strong point in how this war affected those people. The difference between this war and other before it was that these veterens were not treated as heroes, and that, in turn, affected how they were able to handle life after the war. I don't think people understood what went on there until they saw this movie.
1|17607|Kudos to you andyrue. I agree 100% with your comment.
1|2623|This movie sucked! It was written and directed by very sick minds. I hope children don't watch this movie. I can't imagine anyone wanting to see such a sick movie. Everyone who saw it at the theatre agreed that it sucked and should never have been made. The director should stick to fashion designing for himself. The writer should be seeking professional help and not be allowed to share such dementia with the world.
5|9581|what a great movie.....i enjoyed every minute of it
5|321|Great film. Certainly, a bit of manipulation of historical fact was involved. But this is not a history film, this is a gladiator film. The opening battle sequence was excellent...although I did wonder why the chanting German warriors sounded exactly like the Zulu's from the 1960s film of the same name. Russel Crow was good as the war weary Roman hero, but I think Joaquin Phoenix did better as Commodus. It was gratifying to see that mighty Sven Thorssen got a bit part! Derek Jacobi's cameo role was also very good. The costumes, armour, fight choreography were all brilliant 
5|11959|Oh man, we used to watch this movie so often in college during those hazy late nights after being out. I remember seeing the movie in the theaters with my folks and sister when I was a kid and I loved it then and still do. So many big name actors got their 'start' in this movie. Plot line is how the Japanese are trying to find Hollywood to bomb it in the year of 1941. Great comedy. Slim Pickens has a great role in this movie (short one, but great). 'Delicious, nutritious carmel coated popper snacks!!!' I am not the biggest fan of Ferris wheels to this day because of a particular scene in the movie. 'See this grapefruit? I think it's rotten. Yep, it's rotten I'm going to throw it. It's going, it's going, it's going, it's going, it's going....it's gone'. I cannot tell you how many girls a buddy of mine and myself annoyed in college at parties and bars when we would shake imaginary grapefruits and recite that line. I guess this review does not give too much insight into the movie, just shows that this was one of those movies that happened to be a favorite of mine for a particular period of time. I am not sure what other people think about it, but just thinking about it now makes me want to go and rent it tonight.
5|3912|WONDERFUL! A MOVIE THAT ADULTS ENJOY, TOO! 
5|335|A little better than BraveHeart. And since Gladiator was fiction at least you didn't know what the ending was.
5|20548|Loved every second of it and I am a 38 year old female. I watched many people from 5 year old to 70 get back in line to see it again.
1|15004|ill smack you and trust me i can 
5|11795|that was probably the FUNNIEST movie i ever saw.
5|14835|Perhaps the greatest performance in cinema history. Billy Bob is transformed
1|17613|This was a boring movie. The acting was bad, the plot was bad, and the storyline was difficult to follow. The idea was good but it was not executed well. Do not waste your money to rent this thing.
1|18520|I hate scary movies. I don't get scared really easily and I find it pointless to watch, a waste of time. All the sequels of Scream are the same.
5|13182|Good movie Jack Nicholson was great as Macmurphy was commited into a mental institution for being a troublemaker he continues to cause trouble by disrupting Nurse Ratchets section of the mental ward. Louise is good as the cold controlling nurse. There are a lot of funny scenes. and some sad ones as well. I like the part with MAc Murphy makes friends with the Chief. there were some good actors in this well done movie.
5|9595|This movie should be at least top 20. I thought this movie had everything a great comedy is supposed to have. One of my all time favorites. It was hilarious!
5|8853|I love this movie becuase everytime I watch it, I place me adn my friends into their characters adn just laugh, we've all been there...yes we have
5|15295|I was pleasantly surprised to find out what a great movie this was. It's heart-warming and sweet, yet not cheesy and lame at the same time. Also has a lot of great funny moments and two main characters that you really care about.
5|21130|High Society is a wonderful musical. In some ways it can be said to be the perfect convergence of those revolutionary talents who dominated American popular music in the first half of the twentieth century. Louis Armstrong was perhaps the dominant force in defining American music. His sense of rhythm and genius for improvisation left its indelible mark on jazz and jazz has left its mark on every other type of modern music. Bing Crosby is perhaps the most underrated musician of the twentieth century. He, along with Armstrong and Ethel Waters, invented the modern singing style. If you doubt that, listen to those who were big stars before Bing, people like Rudy Vallee or Al Jolson, and then listen to Bing. Nothing was ever the same after him. And nothing needs to be said about the talent of Frank Sinatra. There are two numbers in particular that stand out. Crosby and Armstrong sing Now You Has Jazz and Crosby and Sinatra sing Well Did You Evah? . Each is practically a tutorial on how tremendously gifted people with somewhat varied talents can use those talents to complement one another and create a true work of art in the process. It is sublime. The movie also boasts a witty, Cole Porter score and the beauty of Grace Kelly. It is well worth seeing
5|18969|words cannot describe how much i love this movie. this is provably my favorite b-movie ever. bruce campbell is my hero. sam raimi is a genius. ok people who watch this movie and are expecting to be scared are to be sorely dissapointed, because this movie is in no way scary. this movie is hilarious. for anyone with a dark sense of humor, you need to see this movie. it is the perfect blend of horror and comedy. the evil dead trilogy is the best trilogy in the history of moviemaking, and army of darkness is the perfect way to end it all. great acting(you rule bruce!), great one-liners and catch phrases, and and well, an all out great movie.HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMENDED!!!
5|13814|Well worth the three hours. I'd see it again!
5|19487| THE FACULTY IS ONE OF THE BEST HORROR FILMS OF RECENT YEARS....BRILLIANT
5|4927|One of the best movies I have seen in a long time. I frequently go to the movies and find action and suspense to be entertaining but often mixed with violence. This movie is great for all ages. It made me laugh throughout the whole movie. I highly recommend this movie (and have to many of my friends).
1|12025|More like.... Dude, why did I bother watching this? Mindless, thoughtless, juvenile junk. A waste of time. Dude! Don't Bother!
5|20560|Classic, classic, classic. Gene Kelly was just wonderful in this movie. Something about him in this movie is just so charasmatic and really draws you into the story of the movie. Perhaps the best scene was of Gene Kelly tapping and singing down the street in the rain. It's one of those scenes you never forget and always makes you smile. All of the dancing and singing was great, and Donald O'Connor was hilarious, as usual. The chemistry between Reynolds and Kelly was real and not forced which just made their performances that much better. But best of all, this musical actually had a plot. A real, substantial plot. From a musical, can you imagine.
1|12743|If you want to see the truth about how Michael deceived America by editing footage to promote his political agenda see FahrenHype 9/11.Spend 5 minutes reading up on Mike and you will see he has a long comfortable relationship with deceit. He can't even tell the truth about his birthplace. He says he was born in Flint, Michigan when in reality he was born across the tracks in Davison.
5|5387|Directed by Frank Capra, It's A Wonderful Life (1946) is one of the few, if not the sole dark films that is considered a Christmas movie. For the uninitiated, the story revolves around George Bailey (James Stewart) who finds himself considering suicide, notwithstanding his numerous selfless acts that has helped his family, friends and hometown. His savior is the angel Clarence (Henry Travers) who shows what his town would have been like if he had never been born. Through the process, George discovers that his seemingly inconsequential life was important after all. The core cast includes Donna Reed as George's supporting wife and Lionel Barrymore as the evil Mr. Potter who wants to control the town. Despite the film being recognized by the Academy, the movie was not a commercial success. In fact, It's A Wonderful Life did not become wildly known until the copyright was allowed to lapse, and the movie entered the public domain. After the lapse, the film was shown repeatedly during the holidays. The bottom line is that It's A Wonderful Life is an American classic that illustrates both the American dream and its challenges.
5|4099|This movie is excellent. The graphics are improved over the original (except for the humans, they are still too reflective). The story line is interesting for kids and adults, taking lines from many of our favorite classics . While I thought the adult humour was a little much for a child-oriented movie, the Barbie dance scene and Buzz Lightyear's reaction to Jesse had me rolling in the aisle with laughter. I highly recommend the film.
1|10154|I gave this movie a one because it was horrible. It was just about cheerleading, and I'm a guy. I need action.
5|22377|This movie easily amazed me when I first saw it. The dark atmosphere it projected was beautiful, and the presentation of the alien was excellent. You never really saw the whole alien in a single scene, which gave for a mysterious feeling. At the alien was an original concept. The birth and life cycle or the creature seemed very original to me. And this movie had a good story. The reason I like this movie more than the others was because Sigourny Weaver wasn't the glorified heroine. She was just another equal member of the crew trying to survive.
5|7590|This was a very funny and entertaining movie. I actually like George Clooney for a couple of hours.
1|19616|If Stephen King was dead, he'd have rolled over in his grave
1|5170|Beyond stupid, I regret taking my kids to see this lame movie. Disney can do better than this!
5|6842|I've never been a big fan of British humore but when this comedy troupe got together for this first Python installment, it was sheer magic not too mention a sheer attack of the funny bone. I still laugh today at this movie.
1|20083|This was not a scary movie. There was no plot. Kids running around the woods is not a plot. The big climax at the end was a let down. The audience never even got to see the Blair Witch. Plus, the movie made me physically sick from the shaky camera.
5|14809|I was amazed at how funny and disturbing this movie was. It is one of the best movies I have ever seen, for the message it sends. For those that believe it glorifies drug use, you are CRAZY. I showed this movie to my kids in the effort to give them the best anti-drug message (apart from Requiem for a Dream) they will ever see. Yes, drugs feel good and we shouldn't shy away from telling our kids this or they will not trust what we tell them. The message is that the costs of those good feelings are not worth it, not at all. I was also amazed at what we in America consider to be impovershed, our standards are quite high compared to Scotland! HUD housing in America would be considered luxurious there.
5|7584|what's so special about the cheese makers? He doesn't mean cheese makers per se, rather makers of dairy products in general. 
5|20574|It has Hollywood's most euphoric moment! and some mighty fine tap dancing!
1|12757|Documentaries are objective and use facts. This is ultra-liberal propaganda.
5|309|This movie contains all the important elements that make an excellent action movie. While some reviewers are basing their ratings of this movie on historical fact, I am going to stick with the fictional side...as I didn't go see this movie for historical reasons. I went to see it cause I wanted to see some good fighting and some good action. And the movie followed thru all the way. Superb acting all around, and especially so by the great Joaquin Phoenix, a very underrated actor who did an Oscar worthy performance in this movie. Russell Crowe also did a great job as the Gladiator. The bloodbath scenes in this movie made it even better...a must see for hardcore action movie fans. An excellent movie that cannot be missed !
5|5393|BEST HOLIDAY MOVIE EVER!! one of the few movies that gets me choked up at the end!!
1|15986|I read all the books from this extremely talented woman. Unfortunately I can't ever get into a movie once I've read the book. Visual is too distracting from imagination. Not to mention, it is easier to get into the mind of the people in a book, than a movie. Probably why I prefer a book over a movie, any day.
5|3084|I loved it! And I'm not at all surprised that the entertainment journalists are giving it bad reviews! Ha! Wink, wink...
5|16978|Hilariously funny film is really carried by Maggie Smith and Ellen Burnstyn who give fine comic performances.
1|1464|So much violence and gore that the movie has no redeeming value.
1|11538|This guy is an absolute moron. I can't believe the way in which he treats the animals he encounters. I saw an episode where her slams a boar on to the ground by it's head. What kind of act is that. I am appauled at the amount of support this guy gets from his viewers. One day he is really gonna get hurt and it will look good on him. Disgusted Viewer 
5|1693|Exhilarating Entertainment, particularly the opening fight scene between two women on the rooftop that took my breath away. It is a tossup between this and Gladiator as to which is BEST PICTURE of the year. This has everything in it -- action sequences never before put on film, two love stories, mysticism, teen rebellion. Ang Lee himself described this as Sense and Sensibility with martial arts. People don't realize that Lee brought together some of the greatest talent in the world. Michael Yeoh, who should have been nominated for an Academy Award, and Chow Yun Fat, are not only the biggest stars in Asia but have appeared in big American studio movies. The man who choreographed the fight scenes has been called the best in the business for his work on The Matrix , but what he has done here goes way beyond that. And all of the lines in movie, delivered in Mandarin, had to be learned from scratch by ALL the actors, none of whom knew the language previously. See it and believe it. 
5|13800|I enjoyed the acting and the directing of this movie. Also the spirituality content was phenomenal.
1|5831|I've tried, really tried, to get into this movie. I've never been able to make it half-way through it. Maybe I need to stick it out and watch the whole movie, I don't know. From what I have seen of this movie, I just don't know what the big deal is. Maybe one of you can enlighten me...
5|7209|Among the big screen comedies that starred first-generation SNL regulars, this one takes the prize. (And, in my opinion, only Caddyshack comes close.) The characters are unforgettable, the plot and writing excellect, and even random details of the movie have to be considered classic (ie. Bluto's shirt that just says COLLEGE).
5|6117|Ben Hur was an incredible master-piece. Heston deserves all the accolades possible for his powerful role in this move.
5|13633|An absolutely powerful movie about racism and overcoming one's own prejudices. Edward Norton is fantastic in this movie. It's disturbing and graphic, yes, but necessarily so. Definately worth watching at least once.
5|9224|freaky, FREAKY lil movie.... good, though...
1|22119|This movie would get five stars from me if it was original but it's just a mishmash of modern sc-fi stories most notibly the works of William Gibson and unpublished novel 'The Morpheus Files: HYPERCITY' that was doing the rounds of US publishing houses in the mid nineties. Now there may be nothing new under the sun but I and many of my friends find it hard to enjoy a film where almost every scene reminds me of a novel or short story that not only did it it first but also much much better.
5|2371|If you're easily confused, don't catch flick. If not, it's got a great storyline!
5|18766|Whoa that was a WEIRD movie...
5|17455|Francois Ozon is the best director around today!
5|19478|One of the creepiest and most suspenseful films to come out in the last decade. I found this film to be amazingly good with a kick-ass script, a good cast and solid directing. It addresses the real issue of religious fanaticism and how far people will go to do what they believe is God's Work . Bill Paxton's character is seemingly normal when one night he wakes his two sons up to inform them that an angel came to visit him and told him that it was his mission to rid the world of all the demons (those guilty of horrible things- i.e. child killers, murderers, etc). Paxton's performance is first class and he manages to put on a very chilling performance. I was also impressed with newcomer Matt O'Leary of Domestic Disturbance fame, and as always, Matthew McCoughnahey gave a great performance as the narrator who tells this story. All in all, this is a suspenseful, edge of your seat-type thriller from start to finish. Highly reccomended!
5|4066|I thought that it was quite funny. It kept my little brother laughing the whole time. It is not the best for adults but if your looking for something to keep alittle kid out of your hair for a while it is aweaome. The best part of the movie was the blooperes. Those were seriously funny. Most sequels are bad but this is almost as good as the second one. I recommend it.
5|21681|Man, Princess Leia was hot in that outfit. I wish I had powers like Luke Sky Walker. Man, the things I would do with mind control. Also that Light Saber is a true weapon. I hope to make one soon or somebody else does.
5|17333|this is a great, fun movie. period.
5|21859|I don't think it's possible to hate this movie. There were some funny moments with a lack of plot holes.
5|5378|this movie stands the test of time with human emotion spanning many decades awesome
5|6671|Funny and heartwarming, this dramedy was based on the book (which I enjoyed, as well). I like the part where Anne, the oldest daughter, gets daring and cuts her long hair into a shorter 'do (desiring to fit in with the fashion fads of the era), which shocks and angers her dad. I recommend this classic program to people of all ages --it's entertaining and completely guilt-free.
5|13155|The best of the Godfather movies. Al Pacino and John Cazale are outstanding.
5|9542|This is my favourite ever movie. It has everything adventure,comedy cowboys, it's a road movie, it's a western, I just love it.
5|8884|FUNNY!!!
1|19831|Just plain terrible, even Freddy looks old and the new Jason should have stayed dead.
5|6665|This is one of the better horror films ever made. Lon Chaney is bitten by a werewolf played by Bela Lugosi. He carries the curse and then during the full moon, oh you know what. Claude Rains plays Chaney's father, and a great part is played by Maria Ouspenskaya who plays the old gypsy who fortells Chaney's fate and attempts to care for him. I can't explain in this brief space how well done is this flick. Even the special effects and make-up are first rate for the date of the movie, 1941. You can sympathesize with the wolf man and really feel sorry for him, in fact. Don't miss this if you have a chance to see it! 
5|9556|Unique.
5|13141|heart-breaking memorial to humanity
5|8890|ahhh, yes, this was funny and dark. a perfect combo
5|8648|One of the all time great comedies and feel good films! Great chemistry between De Niro and Grodin, funny dialogues, and action packed with a brilliant score too! Absolutely brilliant movie.
5|2403|like ptitfleur said, Arlington road is a marvellous movie, and the actors are so great!! Tim Robbins (ptitfleur's lover;)plays like a god and Jeff Bridges too. Arlington road is the favorite movie of my friend ptitfleur, and i understand why.
5|16987|Closer is so honest that you might find yourself cringing. This is the kind of honesty that is absolutely necessary for a movie dealing with sex, love and betrayal. Without it, these themes will not connect to the viewer and will settle into fantasy. If you like to stay up late reading romance novels don't go see this movie.
5|18772|i had nightmares YAAAAAAAAAY!
5|490|I like it better than the Gocfather, but for one reason I think I always miss the subtle genius of the Godfather movies...
5|17441|The american version I purchased is heavily censored for sexual content.
5|4714|I loved the Land Before Time when I was a kid, a few of the sequels were okay, but the original will always be the best. I had a love of dinosaurs and this one did it for me.
5|12539|A History of Violence is an examination of the grip and depth of human violence. The portrayal of violence is not artistic like Natural Born Killers, nor deglorified overchoreographed thrill like scenes from Mr. instead, it is raw, realistic, graphic and necessary. If sex, nudity and violence are either temptations or offenses to you, don't see this movie. Performances and screenplay A+, the technical part not as good, especially the nudity and sex scenes, which were few, necessary in concept, but mechanical in portrayal. (I felt as if someone was saying, "freeze, need to capture this pubic hair," or "shift, need another butt shot.") This movie has no tidy wrap-up ending, is not an upper nor a downer, just reality. It biblically portrays both the miserable condition/need of man and man's sublime possibilities, and exposes the futility of man's contrivances for escaping/avoiding evil (pain, chaos, unhappiness) while subtly pointing to the only true Way of deliverance.
5|15256|There are some movies like Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back that lower your opinion of humanity and there are others like Forrest Gump that can raise it. The beauty of The Pianist is that it can do both. Though this is a holocaust film, there are no concentration camps and it is all seen through the eyes of one man with long periods without dialogue. Much has been said about whether Adrien Brody underacted the part or not. I think he did a beautiful job and far from seeming detached from it all, he seemed more shocked and numb to me. If I had to endure what he endured I would probably mentally shut down too. The first part of the film was very hard for me. I had a hard time with Schindler's List and a few scenes in this movie proved very difficult and I'll admit I cried through most of the first half. After Szpilman loses his family, but has his own life spared, he goes on mental auto-pilot and just does what he can to get by. The last half-hour is very moving and makes all the violent scenes near the beginning worthwhile. The thing about this film is that it can do wonders for putting your life into perpective, if even for just a few days. After seeing this film, I realize just how petty most of our problems are in this society and how much we take our civil liberties for granted. Aside from being a beautifully made film, The Pianist sends a powerful message of just how much we have to be thankful for.
5|14148|An incredibly powerful and intense movie. It reminded me of American History X with the atmosphere and mood of the story and its setting. The characters are all wonderfully developed, and the movie is very interesting all the way through. Hillary Swank was Oscar-material with her amazing performance in this film. It is a very emotional TRUE story, and was well worth watching. Highly reccomended!
5|6103|Great, probably the best of this type of movie Hollywood has came up with....
1|10801|Painfull!!!
5|13627|What appealed to me about this movie is that the focus of racism is from the other side of the fence, which is very rare in film. We see a young white racist thug and the hate he emulates from his father's view on life and eventually anger over his father's death. This hate and anger spirals as a contributing factor to his downfall and passes onto his brother. What I also liked about this film is that Ed Norton's character can see that his brother Danny is a mirror image of himself before he went into prison and he knows in order for Danny to get through life he needs to change it as hate will not conquer all.
5|5422|In a word 'heartwarming'
5|10306|what are you talking about lukskywlkr? this was the funniest movie i have ever witnessed! i guess you don't have a sense of humor anyone agree?
5|11018|i was expecting to enjoy it, but i loved this movie. it was absolutely hilarious, start to finish. i'm pretty picky about the DVDs i buy because im broke and cheap, but this is in my collection. everyone in this film is great.
5|8106|SHUTUP DONNY.
5|12511|This is an awesome move. The movie was beautifully directed and skillfully acted. I am sorry to break it to all those who have not seen this movie and refuse to see it because of their homophobic fears but I foresee at least one oscar coming for the movie. The sexual seens and the kissing were a very small part of this movie. It was a story of true love and the results of what happens in life when men try to please society rather than their hearts. Ladies and Gent.... this is life!!
5|7235|My all time favorite movie. Hilarious from start to finish with a great ending by Neil taking in Dell for Thanksgiving. A definite pick me up type movie.
1|10829|Spare me.
5|13169|Superb acting. The references to Godfather I at the beginning are masterful and show how implanted the Mafia is in American life. Great scenes between Michael and Fredo. Killer montage sequence at the end(as usual).
5|1122|This movie is an all time classic. Pacino! The movie was full of action, a great story and characters. I have seen this movie a good nine times and not once has it been boring. Thumbs up!
5|14606|An all time great ghetto movie. Very exciting. Shows a very realistic view from the life in the streets. Will be watched by many forever. It's a movie everyone should have in their collection.
5|15518|The first time I went to see Titanic at the theatre, I had bought one of those 32 oz fountain drinks. I was so engulfed in the movie that I hardly drank any of my drink, and in the last 30 minutes of the movie, the bottom of my cup fell out and spilled all over my lap ! But the movie was so good I sat there in the soda and finished watching it. I can say no movie has ever touched me this much to put up with that..lol. But in any event, I went to see the TITANIC the next weekend without any accidents, and I loved it the 2nd time as well. I have seen it several times since then at home, and still never get tired of it. This is one of 2 movies that I actually loved to see Leo DiCaprio star in. The first being Gilbert Grape. I still don't have any idea how he pulled it off. I also love the theme song by Celine Dion. Excellent film and soundtrack ! I recommend the movie to all families !
5|6895|I don't know what it is about airplane, but I could watch it 20x and still laugh hysterically. Why can't they make stupidly hysterical movies like this anymore? As much as they try, they just never quite make it.99% of the time, it's just plain stupid.
5|8660|A great little movie. What makes this film is the chemistry which DeNiro and Charles Grodin develop during their wild cross country trip. Midnight Run is funny, touching, and well-acted.
5|12277|This movie was just great. It was just so funny. Just imagine going on a cruise like that, it would be real fun
5|16011|Absolutely breathtaking.
5|19322|Hangman's curse tells it all! we always get picked on for the way we look and dress and im sick of it..it doesnt make us different from anyone because where not gangsta out killing people or preppy getting our nails done i love this movie and ian is sexy! ABYL FRY IS ONE OF US!!
5|3735|Charlie's Angels 2 is a great movie. It's perfect for everybody. It has a little bit of everything- action, romance, suspense, drama, comedy (Cameron Diaz is hilarious!) and lots of skin for the guys. Go see it.
1|8497|So bad it is good? I don't see the attraction to this movie. The acting was terrible, the story is barely a story. I heard people describe the dialog as brilliant, personally it felt like a teenager wrote the script, hopping from topic to disjoint topic that keeps the overall story moving, wading knee-deep in circles and ultimately going absolutely nowhere.
5|21865|Man alive, I love this film! When it comes to singling out which movie trilogy I personally consider to be the greatest of all 'Star Wars' and 'Lord of the Rings' (or at least what I've seen of the latter), don't stand a chance - 'Back to the Future' is the movie trilogy to put all others to shame. Subtle, witty and full of cool energy, BTTF is a sharply-directed first installment for this wonderful epic, in which eighties teenager Marty McFly gets a taste of his parents' youth when he is accidentally transported back to their time in none other than a temporal-defying Delorean car! A few ill-advised actions soon leave the plucky youth fighting against the clock to save his own future from being erased from time. The acting is flawless, Michael J Fox providing the best of the best as Marty, a loveable central character with wide appeal, and Christopher Llyod too is great as benevolant scientist Doc Brown, while the whole thing moves at a skillfully dynamic pace, loaded with some really impressive special effects (at least for its day). There are moments of pure comic genius, and poignent moments that'll make you (or at least me, anyway) want to cry. Overall, this film rates in as top notch entertainment, providing a powerful mixture of action, warmth and humour, topped off with a first-rate sountrack that really hits the spot like a coke on a hot day. Absolutely wonderful!
5|5344|I Love this book and movie so much. My favorite part of both has to be everything with Boo Radly. I find that because i am around Jems age, 14 i can relate how myseterious things are to kids. I think that everyone has also had somthing like that in there childhood. I also think it is the best movie and book ever, they should rellay consider these more. It doesnt have a lot of action, but it doesnt need it. Seeing Robert Duvall as Boo Radley was exciting enough!!!
1|9945|It sucked. I hated it. It wasn't funny. Some parts were too explicit, like the deaths and showing a penis. I went with my ex-girlfriend. Usually the movies she picks out are good but she couldn't cover up this terrible movie.
5|18028|What a great movie...Sissy Spacek as the confused and tortured Carrie was haunting...and the rage at the end was as scary as you can get...and Piper Laurie as her fanatical religious mother was unforgettable. A horror movie with a message...isn't that unusual...
1|12794|gross. IMO.
5|5350|Excellent story line. Really strong plot and symbolism expressed in the story. Harper Lee's work along with Gregory Peck's acting make it a movie definitely worth seeing.
5|21871|Harmless and entertaining fare. I enjoyed it and thought it re-watchable enough to have tuned in more than once when I would see it popup in the TV listings. Christopher Lloyd does his usual excellent job as a bumbling, absent-minded professor not too far removed from the just as goofy Reverend Jim from his Taxi days. Michael J. Fox doing some of his better film work if this guy had been born 10 years sooner he d have been a Disney film regular he just has the face, voice and personality for it. The story was fairly unique and presented in a lighthearted amusing way. I loved the way the family kept fading away when things went wrong in the past. The sequels weren t hideous, but, as sequels often do, got lamer as time went by. Overall, I think it has held up well over the years and is still a fun flick for the entire family.
5|6659|Great film which has been restored. There is a shorter dubbed version with runny colour floating around. Don't watch that one. See the three and a half hours or so one. Great performance by Burt Lancaster, probably his best. 
5|14612|A great movie. I've lived in Vallejo most of my life and some bad stuff goes down that takes many star athletes out of the pros. Gangs, crimes, or just jealousy.
1|17834|This was supposed to be a horror film, but Kubrick's ego forced him to attempt an artsy, comical film with those absurd hidden messages all combined with the horror and all he did was ruin the actual tale from the novel and make a proposterous movie. Truly pathetic stuff.
5|6881|This movie is an absolute calssic-anyone who doesn't find this hilarious is not part of the human race.
1|20040|Out of curiosity, my mother and I rented this movie, but never expected it to be SO BAD! The directing, purposely amateurish, is supposed to invoke creepiness, but it makes Scooby-Doo look truly scary in comparison. There is way too much senseless profanity, and I've never heard any group of teenagers curse this much. The plot is extremely unclear and the teenagers look like floor-faced fools. The only good thing about this movie was that I was able to enjoy the brilliantly executed, and G-rated, parody by Cartoon Network, The Scooby Doo Project!
5|1888|I really thought that Face/Off was a great action film and I thoroughly enjoyed it from start to finish. I enjoyed all the action scenes- they all kept me on the edge of my seat, espescially the ending scene. I also thought the acting was great, as is to be expected by such fine actors as John Travolta and Nicholas Cage. I really think that Travolta did a fine job transforming into villian in this film. I also enjoyed the movie's attempt at integrating drama as well. In short, I thoroughly enjoyed this film. Sure the plot was a bit far-fetched, but it was indeed unique and it had me on the edge of my seat.
5|8112|I was about 9 years old when this film debuted. It was much funnier when i got older and understood it more. At 9 years old, you dont know much about sex, dating, and being a teenager.
5|7221|Two comedy giants at the height of their powers sharing a magical chemistry between themselves. The scene where Steve Martin's character lets loose an obscenity laced tirade at a smiling rental car agent (played by Edie McClurg) and her response to him is hysterical. This oddly matched pair is forced to share the same space for a period of long days leaving Martin's character frustrated and edgy. Their quest to get home in time for Thanksgiving is finally resolved following an outrageous series of misadventures. The precurser to the Chris Farley-David Spade pairings but on a more adult level. A must see film.
5|23900|One of my favorite movies. Maybe it's my love for Greek mythology that helps me like it more but I like everything about it. I can't think of anyone besides Brad Pitt who could play Achillies, Orlando Bloom did ok as Paris. Peter O'Toole is excellent as Priam, Brian Cox was so good at playing the evil Agamemond and Eric Bana was fabulous as Hector, he really knew how to spout those powerful lines. I do have a compalint in that I wish there was some more background on the story of Achillies. But overall, it's a solid flick.
5|1650|I was completely blown away by this beautiful and brilliant film. Certainly a great martial arts film, but also drama. You learn to cheer it's so great. The fight scenes are sheer genius. In bambo trees, nightime in a villiage. Far superior to Gladiator , which took the Best Picture award 2001 Oscar night. This film was incredibly entertaining, beautiful, and, just, great. See it. Summary: A BEAUTIFUL, ENTERTAINING, WONDERFUL FILM. 
1|24540|This movie is entirely without merit. I am a SciFi fan, but this movie was beyond saving almost at the beginning when I caught a glipst of Tim Robbins' futuristic car. I get enough Jerry O'Connell on the SciFi channel. I don't need any more in a movie because he always leads me to ask: Is it possible to act any less? This one must have looked good on paper, but the feelings and emotions of the characters are not well conveyed through the screen, nor is the concept believable. I am amazed that so many recognizable names signed on to this terd.
5|4728|Not only is this a great movie for children, it's a great movie for adults. I'm not much of a dog lover, but I was very moved by this story of an outgoing Jack Russell terrier who befriends a shy little boy. This dog was all heart. I advise anyone who has not seen it to have plenty of tissues handy. It's not a grim or depressing movie, but it is a tear-jerker.
5|21440|I say one of the greatest movies ever made I absolutely love the Stars Wars series 
5|10845|OOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMMGGGGGGGGG
1|23978|This movie is like having extensive dental work. You are very relieved when its over.
5|7976|Hilarious, couldn't stop laughing!
5|13394|I really like this movie. Tom Hanks does an excellent job as Forrest Gump in the movie. It isn't all drama, as Forrest does many funny things in the movie.
5|15083|Very interesting movie, recommend it to anyone who likes intermixed plot movies( similar to a Tarantino style movie, in a way )
5|12934|This movie is still beloved, I know. What a smart movie. Maybe the actor in the movie is described as a bright young man. When he hid the hammer in the Bible I was impressed. I liked the relationship between the main actor and the African American old guy. It's a warm relationship.
5|23531|I think it was even better than the first one, but they were both great!
5|19861|I just saw this movie last night with a huge group of friends, and I think if all of them hadn't been there, I would have had a nervous breakdown. This movie is terrifying from start to finish, from it's message of Don't peek to it's instruction to stay in the light. I normally don't get very freaked out at movies, but this one made me want to close my eyes and catch my breath. It's an excellent movie that makes you afraid to sleep with your light off. The ending is a little weak compared to the rest of the film, but overall it's a wonderfully scary movie that plays on your emotions and your psychological well-being!
5|21326|still got my rock n roll soundtrack on vinyl sighned by the ramones good movie not too happy with a remake
5|651|One of the greatest war movies of all time.This is almost two movies in one.The second half after leaving bootcamp is good but not as great as the first half.Excellant soundtrak and score.This is much better than Platoon in my opinion.
5|19875|I LOVED IT
5|889|This film had an unexpected ending. The kid actor was great. I like supernatural movies, and the technical side of the filming was good.
5|5813|When first watching this movie, afficionados often ask themselves, What's so great about 'Citizen Kane'? But 'Citizen Kane' deserves its lofty perch in the annals of moviedom for several reasons in that it took several risks in being created. It was no secret that Orson Welles's classic was a thinly-veiled account on the life of multi-millionaire publisher and yellow journalism extraordinaire, William Randolph Hearst. Hearst tried to stop the making of this movie with threats and went so far as to not allow any advertising on it in any newspaper (and possibly costing 'Citizen Kane' an Oscar). Secondly, the cinematography was innovative in that much of the movie was shot at (at the time) unorthodox angles. Orson Welles sought to show his characters in both a physical and emotional perspective. Thirdly, 'Citizen Kane' did something unimaginable at the time: its beginning was actually its end. From Kane's deathbed scene in which he utters Rosebud, the movie is a recounting of events by Kane's co-operatives that gives clues to the identity of Rosebud. In effect, this was the first interactive movie where the audience is treated to a What is it? type of inquiry. The movie is arguably the greatest ever, and confirmed the then twenty-five year old Orson Welles's monniker as the 'Boy Genius'.
5|15097|Traffic was amazing!!!!! The peoplw who you thought couldn't act, SURPRISE, they can. Michael Douglas is my hero. I loved this movie it was pure genious. And anyone who trys to compare this movie to The General's Daughter , will have to deal with me. If you havent seen it go see it. I am in love with Traffic.
5|12920|I consider this a perfect movie. Fantastic writing, great acting, great vibe. Freeman is fantastic. My all time favorite flick! A must see... and do not let anyone spoil the big surpise!
5|23525|A very great movie but for some reason I liked the first movie alot better. I guess when I saw the first Spider-man I wasn't expecting much but then after I saw it, I loved it! In this movie I was expecting to much I guess. Still gets 5 stars though.
5|7962|HA! HA! Loved the storyline. Original, creative very funny. Bill Murray is perfect for the movie. Never a dull moment.
5|23243|I liked this movie. When I went in, I thought I was going to see a boring dull kids movie. I found out that this movie is good for people of all ages. Go see it.
5|15929|Perfect blend of romance and drama that doesn't feel contrived. Interweaving of stories leads to rich characters. Cinematography and score are gorgeous.
1|18722|Visually stunning, but poorly written and horribly acted. Keanu and Winona were miscast. They can't do the accents!
5|21454|If Star Wars were thrown into Middle Earth, the world of Lord of the Rings, it would not be the high art of Tolkien s elves rather it is the more mundane entertainment of hobbits, to be enjoyed in the comfort of home and friends, with a fairly basic story of good and evil to be told and retold. Its tale is the stuff of legend, repeated over and over through the ages. Its heroes were preceded by others such as Arthur and Lancelot, or Robin Hood; its fair maiden needing rescue Guinevere, or Maid Marian; the sage old man of magic Merlin; Darth Vader and the Evil Empire Arthur s Saxon enemies, the Sheriff of Nottingham and his soldiers. It s the tiny but brave force facing seemingly invincible foes like David and Goliath. Joseph Campbell used Luke Skywalker as an example of his hero quest, repeated over and over in mythology. As well as the appeal of familiarity, there are, I think, a couple of other reasons for the tremendous success of Star Wars and its sequels. First of all, when it was released, the special effects were unsurpassed, stunning most who saw the movie. Its casting was inspired young unknowns like Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher were the action figures. The unquestioned integrity of Alec Guinness gave power and soul to the role of Obi Wan Kenobi, a role that was key to the magic of the tale, key to the line that has stayed with us may the Force be with you!
5|10851|Yeah,I have this movie,it's a little scary and very funny the best funny type of scary movies ever made!^^.
5|20992|Nothing beats the 'Dirty Dancing' soundtrack. The only thing I don't like is they didn't include the Spanish song that was playing when Baby did her first dance.
5|11597|This movie was so cute. I cried at the end. Once again, Hugh Jackman's talent shines like the brightest star in the sky. Ashley Judd is such a good actress. Go see the movie as soon as you can. It was one of the best made yet.
5|10689|As always with Adam Sandler's movies, this is a very funny movie. It's original and a really enjoyable movie.
5|137|Silence of the Lambs might have scared the crap out of me, but I find it to be a psychological thriller, not a horror movie. This is probably Jodie Foster's best role and it is a shame she refused to do the sequel. Silence of the Lambs takes you into the world of a psychopath like no other movie. Manhunter is an excellent prequel to the movie.
1|16727|This film gets my vote for the most Beautiful Looking Terrible Film of all time. It's like staring at a postcard for 2 hours ! Every teeny-tiny detail that goes into making a movie was time wasted in this case. Truly awful stuff.
5|15901|One of the most charming films I've seen in quite a while. Featuring an all-star British cast that includes Liam Neeson, Colin Firth, Hugh Grant, Emma Thompson and may others, it's a romantic comedy centered around Christmas. Delightful and hilarious, it explores the complicated relationships of many couples from new love to old love to impossible love. But in the end, as the title suggests, it's all about love. It's undeniably sweet and actually honest. It leaves you with a smile and a warm spot in your heart.
5|7792|THIS IS ONE OF ADAM SANDLERS GREATEST YET AND ALWAYS WILL BE TO ME. EVERY SCENE REMAINS CLEAR IN MY MIND AND IT STILL MAKES ME LAUGH EVEN THOUGH I'V ESEEN IT YEARS AGO.
5|22175|Matrix was a really good movie because of the special effects, music, costumes and actors. A lot of the stuff was new, so it was unseen, which made it better.
1|10356|I rarely hate movies, but this one was awful! The plot was stupid and the ending was really bad. Adam Sandler is very funny when he plays crazy people, but in this movie he played the straight man to Jack Nicholson. Adam Sandler just can't play normal!
5|9967|This is the best movie after don't be a menace.
1|22482|I'm not a Star Trek fan at all and I'm not quite sure why I actually saw this movie. I thought it was horrible. I kept waiting for Herve Villecheve to come out and give Mr. Rork a hand.
5|20762|It's a great cult movie that everyone loves. They take the most odd ball sex story and sing and dance. It's a movie everyone should have and see it in a theater where people go all out dancing and being the characters.
1|12227|Cynical tripe.
5|679|I though this movie was good because the story seemed to portray war life during Vietnam. Some of the characters were very original. My friends and I have seen that movie about three times.
1|15548|has to be THE BIGGEST disappointment this decade
1|24795|Bad acting, some woman replaced Louis & took all his parts to make Lestat look less gay, didn't follow the book at ALL, Laestat didn't match his character description one bit, Marius is NOT Lestat's creator, vampires are supposed to be elegant & beautiful, not skinhead stoners, & Akasha's death sceen was really overdone.
5|22613|IT WAS THE BEST MOVIE THAT HAS EVER CAME OUT IN THE MOVIES BECAUSE THE OTHER MOVIES SUCK! THIS IS A MESSAGE FROM THE BIGGEST MARVEL COMICS FAN EVER! 
5|12908|This is my favorite movie of all time. I own the DVD and have watched it maybe 25 times. My family laughs and makes fun on me when I watch it. I ve never really been able to determine what draws me to it. I have noticed that there are no women characters in the movie other than incidental (the opening scenes where his wife is shown, some of the jury, the last parole board has a representative, the board house woman and the grocery store), thus all the interaction of any substance is between men. This is not what I usually watch. Somehow the isolation and introspection by the characters seems important. I usually have plot criticisms of movies such as when characters do things that are nonsensical, something requires 1000-to-one odds to work and works, or cars roll over and there is a small nuclear detonation to enhance a scene. But the plot in SR is flawless. I ll read some more of the reviews.
5|22607|One of the best movies of all time. The cast: Great. The actress playing Dr.Jean Grey is very convincing. She's a very pretty woman, one like a lot of women would like to be. The girl playing Rogue was impressive. Haven't seen her in many films, but in this one, she was particularly good. Cyclops (played by James Marsden) is also VERY impressive. Haven't seen him act so well in all the other movies he's been in. Last I will be mentioning (but certaintly not least), is Hugh Jackman. Wow. I was stunned when I saw him act. I was in heaven watching him. Can life get any better than this? I don't think so. He's so amazingly talented and handsome, that I can't put it into words. I seriously love everything about him. I love his smile, his eyes, his hair, his body, even his nose! The man is highly underrated and should receive lots more attention. I am looking forward to seeing ANY other movies he ever decides to do. Heck, I saw Someone Like You the other day. He's wonderful. Everything he's built for is wonderful. This man is so close to being perfect, it scares me. I think I've said enough about him. :o) To sum up, the movie was great. Excelent special effects.
1|19366|The sequels to this movie were even dumber than the originals. These people can't act in a horror movie.
5|23519|One of the few Unbelievably good thrillers to come out of John Carpenter's long and periodically disapointing career. This is one of the scariest chill bump inducing sci-fi movies I have ever had the privalledge to view. On a remote government base stationed in the middle of no where Antarctica strange things begin to happen when a dog is chased onto their base by a russian scientist from another near by base who is trying to kill the dog. The russian is killed before he gets a chance to kill the dog. What follows is one of the best ideas ever put to film. The alien being aboard this base ubsorbs living beings and tries to become them. The results are pure terror. This alien can mimic it's host perfectly so it always keeps you guessing as to who could be the alien. John Carpenter weaves another far out frightning tale. His flair for visual scares and gift for creating empeckable atmosphere are showcased here. Carpenter is a master story teller. To bad now a days all he gets are sh*t scripts. This film comes HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! Any sci-fi,horror,great story fan should give themselves a great treat and watch this classic.
5|17864|A great suspense\horror film that keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole time. Jack Nicholson is superb. His performance is so convincing. There's just the right amount of blood and guts balanced with an intelligent, original plot.
5|21468|Star Wars is the pioneer of the special effects movies. The difference of SW and many of todays 'special effects' showcases is that it had an excellent SF storyline which made for the excellent sequels. It is an adventure that gets better with repeatedly viewing. Although the special effects in this movie appear contrived compared to today's, one has to look very closely to notice the mistakes. This is the prime reason George Lucas later re-made the original into what it should have been the first time. An excellently cast movie, good direction, good story: Darth Vader is the absolute personification of the arch villain. A classic story of good versus evil.
5|20776|Sorry, but this is one of my favorite holiday movies and it contains my favorite Christmas Song, White Christmas. Nobody sang it better than Bing Crosby.
5|24510|This movie had it all. Action, Special Effects, Comedy, and attractive women, stupid bad guys, a monster that is unlike anything I have seen before, and a suprise ending. I rate this as a must see flick, and one of the best I have ever seen. Suprising considering Treat Williams was the star.
5|7786|I love this movie, It's the best comedy. Adam Sandler is the greatest.
1|20281|Honestly, the movie was more boring than scary.
5|22161|The Matrix is the best movie ever. The special effects are breathtaking. However, unlike some other movies with great special effects, this movie also has a good, interesting plot, something that is really lost in most films today. Also, chicks in leather are cool.
5|9740|Among my favorites. 
5|6473|I have always enjoyed this movie. John Wayne, Dean Martin, and Walter Brennan are all really great in it.
5|18202|Ok I could of not picked a better night to watch this movie it was a thundering and lighting and it was at night no movie has scared me quite like this one see I can't see a poster or the movie box of this without screaming this movies is EXTREMLEY frightning I stayed awake two whole nights after seeing this and This movie is very distrubing, the images from this flim will haunt the mind for all eternity, at least I'll never forget them! I thought it was a great movie though! I mean there was never I moment that I wasn't scared I love the very beginning when the police investagation was going on it's intresting to see what they find during the investagation. I saw this one before the original one and the original was just as great as this one! and it also shows how tragic the whole thing was and this has got to be the most distrubing horror movie ever! but it defines horror it's a good movie it will 100% guarauntee make your skin crawl why even while I'm typing this review my skin is crawling and getting goosebumps and chills and before you watch it perpare yourself for a eternal scarefest and also perpare for the distrubing images your about to see, and see just how frighting this tragic story is you've been warned ahead of time... 
5|21483|Love it. The best movie I have ever seen. It has the best plot and scenes that I never forget.
5|20945|Funny movie. I did not want to see this when it was at the theater because i was not sure if it would be any good. I am glad I finally watched it. Rick Moranis is perfect as Seymour the nerdy flower shop worker who found a strange and unusual plant. the plant turns out to only survive on human blood. As gruesome as this sounds this is a funny movie. Steve Martin is hilarious as the nasty dentist who loves to hurt his patients. Ellen Greene is great as Audrey. I love most of the songs. this movie is set in the 1960s so a lot of the music is 60s style. the only part I do not like as much is toward the end this plant really gets nasty.
5|686|loved it at the time and have seen it many times since(harrison ford is a legend,mainly due to star wars. 
5|18564|This is one of my favorite movies that is suspenseful. With the cute little Carol Ann who can hear the t.v people and gets taken away by the t.v people. I found it intersting how the poltergeist came around their house and why all the weird stuff was happening.
5|2173|Lo-Pan is my hero. As is Jack Burton. I love this movie so much. If you Like AoD or laughing in general, you'll like this movie.
5|9026|Cusack at his best! This movie should be in the top 5 hands down. It is a different type of comedy but that's what makes it so outstanding. If you walk up to anybody who has seen it and declare Two dollars, I want my two dollars you are guaranteed a laugh. Along with Howard Cosell wannabe race car drivers and a loveable French girl this movie has it all. My grandmother dropped acid and highjacked a school bus full of penguins. Dammit that's brilliant!!
5|13431|Tom Hanks' personality in this movie was heartwarming. It's a movie that you should watch when you wanna' see a non-corrupted movie. The whole story plot was great because it took you in.
5|22834|FANTASTIC! One word describes it all!
1|21612|Not even stylish direction could save this tired mess of a movie epic. Quite boring and not enough substance to keep itself interesting or engaging.
5|15040|I found this movie phenomenal on all levels. The cast had excellent chemistry and amazing talent. The script was a beautiful mix of poetry, humor, drama and plain insanity. I think many were able to associate with the characters on one level or another, especially reaching out to teens, who can often find commonalities with the main character and perhaps the others as well.
5|8338|This movie worked on so many levels-VERY FUNNY, but very touching as well..Really got me to thinking about religion, and mankind, if you will. Definitely will own this one..
5|13425|Forrest Gump is a beautifully directed film that deals with important contemporary issues. It presents issues of single motherhood, AIDS, mental retardation and advocacy. Forrest Gump is a great story of how one man with a very low IQ became very financially successful. It is a story of rough beginnings and great adventures. Forrest Gump represents the best of what a decent life can be.
5|24289|Great movie i dont no y ppl hated it perhaps they didnt understand it but i thot it wuz brilliant and The Matrix trilogy is the 2nd best trilogy behind The Lord of the Rings.
5|6301|Audrey Hepburn is my idol. This is a 6 star movie. Everything about it is fabulous. Rex Harrison was made for the part, as was Audrey. I'm upset that the movie didn't win an oscar. I don't think that Julie Andrews was as good as Audrey Hepburn. The best movie! 
5|22820|I saw the movie before I got into the books, so perhaps that's why I loved it. It was original, imaginative, funny, and... British. I've always been fascinated with the Brits, and I think the decision to have a British cast was the right one. It kept the feel of the books, and the actors were superb! Of course they left some things out, but there would be no way to have every single detail fit into a 2 1/2 hour film. Anyway, this movie led me to read all the books and I'm now a potter freak.
5|4516|One of the most beautiful film I've seen.
1|23011|crap, really crap... the beginning seemed good but then....went down down down 
5|11232|Great! Jennefer Garner shines
5|3279|I liked the girl. Lots of action. Good graphics and stunts. I liked the cars.
5|17643|Stunning final 1/3 of the Bleu / Blanc / Rouge trilogy. Serious people should own all three. Plus, the lead actresses are scorchingly hot.
5|2167|There is so much that's cool about this movie that I will only mention a few things. First, I really enjoyed the dynamic between silence and loudness in this film. During the freeway shootout, the gunshots were incredibly LOUD, as they are in real life, not these little pops that come from most movie-guns. When you have an assault rifle firing away for minutes at a time, you will probably be deaf for a little while in that ear. This made the whole thing more realistic, and yet a little surreal at the same time. Also, the showdown at the airport, when Pacino is chasing DeNiro through the transformers, had a lot of silence and noise. It would be totally dark and quiet while they are creeping through the night, and periodically a plane would fly over and the whole theater would be filled with incredible light and noise, and then it would fade again. This is one of my favourite movies, and it stars the two greatest crime-drama actors in history. If you haven't seen it yet, you'd better have a damn good excuse, like maybe you've been living in a monastery in Tibet for the past seven years. Even then, shame on you.
5|692|Liked it. And the characters were good. Ford and Jones were superb. A film u should watch.
5|17125|chick flick was kinda kool
5|20789|Babs is good all of the time. She is a perfectionist and it shows. Always, Always delivers a fabulous performance. There are few like her. I miss seeing her.
5|21497|Star Wars was a great movie and had an incredible impact on my generation. Who among us hasn't said, May the force be with you or used completed wrapping paper rolls as a home-made light-saber in torturing our sibling? Wonderful story, great effects, and powerful soundtrack.
5|19108|loved it even if it was just for the ending, i never once thought about the guy on the floor. i recomend this to anyone. 
5|10892|This is my favorite Romantic Comedy of all time-no one of my favorite movies of all time. It's defiently Cameron Crowe's best. It's about a guy named Lloyd (John Cusack, who is absolutely wonderful in everyway.) who falls for rich daddy's girl Ione Skye (who's name in the movie seems to escape me at the moment, which is rather embarrasing considering I was just sprouting it's praises. Oh well..Diane? Is that it? Dammit!) Anyway, It's a beautiful story about first love, heartbreak, loss of innocense, trust,-so many different elements. And it has one of the most romantic scenes ever to be put in a movie ever. If you've seen the movie, you know what I'm talking about-when Lloyd holds up the radio playing 'In Your Eyes'(My favorite song.) to girl--who's-name-I-can't-remember-dammit!-. I have this big poster on my ceiling of that scene, with the lyrics of that song..I like to look up at it before I go to sleep(corny, i know. shut up.) It gives me hope that my john cusack is out there somewhere, boom box in hand, ready to sweep me away. Too, the emotion shown when they broke up was, well, empathistic (which isn't a word,I know.) and heartbreaking at the same time. I very highly recommend this movie. See it with someone you care about. And because Rateitall refuses to put up it's soundrack, I will say that it too is very good, and, again, highly recommended (look for a live version of Depeche Mode's 'Stripped'.) 
5|11554|This movie is a classic. I am a fan of all of the Porky's movies.
5|7779|great! 
5|15732|Really good movie - it is a long one though - be prepared to sit a while.
5|13343|This should have won best picture!!!!!
5|6467|Chaplin's best silent film. See the Great Dictator Now! Best Comedy...EVER
5|19120|I absolutely loved this - wasn't too keen on the second one though. This film seems to stay true to the graphic novel and it was great having Stephan Dorff back into a main role, he's so good at being the bad guy. the effects were well done and it was visually impressive.
5|20979|I love the dancing and choreography. The plot of the story is interesting and the actors/actresses are very good.
5|7989|One hell of a funny movie- my absolute favorite of all time. When I was little I could recite Mrs. Doubtfire's lines from beginning to end. A whole lot of memoriable scenes- including the notorious scene where Mrs. Doubtfire is cooking in the kitchen.... My first day as a woman and I'm already getting hot flashes. LOL. This movie is definately a classic- Robin Williams is hilarious and did a wonderful job doing the drama scenes in this movie as well. It was a run by fruiting! . A great film- it deserves to be in the top 10.
5|14404|oh my gosh think about it 
5|1320|Great movie. The first one was purely a martial arts flick, this one had some more Spaghetti Western influences.
1|18911|Not a top 20 horror film.
1|4911|Bad career move, Bruce...
5|6329|what a film, they simply do not make films like this anymore. what we need is more films with all star casts like this one, I know that you are going to say what about sneakers which did have a lot of stars in it but when you watch that film once more you and you see how many stars are in it it sticks in your mind! anyway what we need is a film when everybody you see on screen is or was a star! go for it hollywood
5|14362|First let me get a few random words of advice out of the way: 1) Don't see this movie on a first date, 2) Don't eat dinner while watching this movie, and 3) Don't see this movie expecting to feel good afterwards. Requiem for a Dream is one of the most disturbing movies I've seen. Everything about it makes you uncomfortable - the downward spiral of each character, the relentless music, the jagged filming and editing techniques... everything. The acting performances are universally excellent. Ellen Burstyn, especially, gives an amazing performance as the lonely widow and mother who falls victim to a diet pill addiction. This is clearly not a movie for everyone, but it's hard to give such an unconventional, powerful film anything less than five stars.
5|7037|Such an excellent movie. I believe I saw it the summer I turned 13 in the theater and I love it as much now. Ferris was the guy everyone wanted to be around and everyone wanted to be like. His blissful day of playing hooky with his best friend and girlfriend was and is everyone's dream day, no matter what your age. Bueller..Bueller..Bueller..
5|8304|This movie reminds me of how overly sensitive people are about their belief system. Some people just need to learn how to let things go and laugh.
5|862|This was an interesting and excellent film. It kept my attention throughout the film, and the ending was fantastic and unexpected. This was a great movie, though not 100% horror. I recommend this movie to everybody.
5|3251|The best of all Bondies. Brings back all the fun and intriguing elements of old, and adds great modern special effects. No the 'Bond girl' models can't act, but they never could in these movies nor were they intended to. No need, it works this way and it works well. Hear hear!! Let's have some more!
5|18558|another scary film personally i've found haunted house movies to be scariest if their done well and this ones the best in the tradition of amityville horror and burnt offerings two previous good but dated haunted house flims. this is the best though. i mean even the little girl was scary for some reason. i couldn't watch this movie even in my teen years and didn't view until i was well into my 20's. still don't care much for sleeping in bedrooms/living rooms at night with t.v. sets. nuff said.
5|10104|wow i would actually want to be friends with these characters, and i very seldom find that to be true with this kind of movie.
5|5620|Very well made by Hitchcock. He really tackled the challenge of filming an entire movie from one spot. Hitchcock lives up to his master of suspense title in this movie.
5|876|Best movie I've seen this year. The little kid and Bruce Willis were great actors. I think the plot was very good. It was scary, but not too bad. One of the best endings I've seen.
1|24742|Uhhhh...can we say bull**** on this site? Okay just incase my mind rants on how badly this movie sucked. Ya'know, because the story line was bull****, and Halle Barry looked like bull****, and after seeing it I felt like bull**** for wasting 5 bucks on this bull****.
5|5634|Man I have seen a lot of take-offs of this. Shows how absolutely great, inspirational and essential it is - - not to mention suspenseful, chilling, and brilliant. When I watched it the first time I didn't know if the neighbour was guilty or innocent, it was all a big mystery. This is an absolute masterpiece, one of Hitchcock's greatest, and simply not to be missed. Hasn't aged one bit. Summary: AN ESSENTIAL, BRILLIANT, CHILLING MASTERPIECE. 
5|14376|Movies like this you don't give five stars because they're warm and cuddly and safe. I give it five stars for the honesty of its portrayals of the various downward spirals of addictions to heroin and speed. Add dazzling and substantial direction and editing by Darren Aronofsky which really puts you in the head and wasted bodies of addicts to four of the most stunning performances I have seen all year. The result is a film to love and appreciate for its high quality and absolutely unflinching honesty. At one point, watching a drug addict shoot up in a car, I absolutely could not watch. Any movie that makes me squirm usually has performances that engage me so much I am moved beyond being lackadaisical. In, say, Scream by contrast its like Oh gee, he cut a stomach open. Kudos especially to Ellen Burstyn who can out-act nearly everyone else on the planet. Unforgettable as a diet-pill addict desperate for a shot on national tv. 
5|15068|Watch this film openmindedly and see if you STILL believe there was a lone gunman...
5|7023|This movie is one of my favorites. Ferris plans everything perfectly with just enough careless fun to pull off the perfect day. Great movie.
5|8310|This movie's special edition DVD -- looking for all the world like a slim, leather-bound bible -- has a place of honor on my shelf next to other classics of religious subversity. (Includes Last Temptation of Christ and MP's Life of Brian. ) People can sit there and get offended all they want by it, but beneath the *# $ monster, the cruder jokes, and the general insanity is a plethora of deep insight into the nature of all religions, not just Catholicism. This movie is so good that even the end credits are good, with an Alanis M song that I like (the verses seem to be those that God would use, too), and a list of authors that inspired this work that everyone should look into for further insight on what this movie was trying to get across. 
5|7745|this is a comedy?
5|12061|AAAAHAHAHAHAHA! i thought this movie was soooo funny. some parts were like really fake though, but it was still funny. i would recomend this to anyone who has a sence of humor!
5|14410|Another 1980s classic. I must have seen it 1000 times, but I just never get tired of it. It had all of the major high school categories; Brian the geek, Andrew the jock, Alison the freak, Claire the princess, and John the slacker. It showed how appearances could deceive, and that not everyone has it that bad. And of course, Molly Ringwald is perfect in her roll.
5|1334|for a first film its terriffic! the violence is gritty and ralistic he plays on your confusion about the robbery tie you into the cast. pure genius!!
5|9768|Best stand up comedy I have seen in years!
5|10676|The first time I saw this movie, I thought it sucked. But, Like a fungus, it sorta grows on you. Adam Sandler is not my favorite actor, but in this film, he is just terrific. Kathy Bates, playing MAMA, gives her usual great performance, and is the highlight of the movie. Henry Winkler, fondly remembered as the Fonz, plays a losing football coach whose luck is turned around by Sandlers WATERBOY. The plot is basically predictable, but that is okay with this movie. There should be a sequell.
1|12596|I fell asleep while watching this
5|19134|It is the most bloodiest movie there is and it's scary. Every time I see it I get scared.
5|21534|George Lucas sent the series out in style.All the pieces of the puzzle come together.No stones left unturned.While the first two were a little lackluster,Lucas hit one out of the park with Episode 3.Lots of action,a little romance,a touch of horror and some shocking moments as well.5 huge stars and two big thumbs way up!
5|7802|Happy Gilmore is one of the funniest movies I have ever saw (next to the Waterboy). Adam Sandler and Chris Tucker should make a movie together it would be a very funny movie
5|23323|The last entry in the Genesis-Spock trilogy -- this movie begins and ends with the conclusion to the events of Treks 2 3. But the main story concerns a cockamamie cetacean probe that disrupts Earth. The core of the movie is a comedic time-travel adventure. Fun all around for Trekkers and non-Trekkers alike. (Oh, and Lister, you might need to change your review ;)P )
5|9191|This is the best movie I've seen in a while. It was very entertaining because it was humorous in a corny kind of way. I loved it's entire aspect and it was very trippy. In addition, I had an idea to film a movie where the camera person was the star of the flick. This movie did that for a couple of scenes. Great idea!
5|13586|An incredible movie. It combines drama with subtle comedy element. American Beauty also sends an incredible message that stirs emotion and stimulates the mind.
5|22983|Not a film to suit all tastes.Many (understandably)found it confusing and pretentious,and had difficulty identifying with the cast-its robot HAL does seem the most human character,while the dialogue is hardly exciting.Yet it is,i think,the most awe-inspiring English-language achievement in all of cinema.I will never forget the effect the first viewing had on me.It is monumental in its concept,scope and ambition,an unsurpassed visual experience- which is,surely,the essence of Film.The special effects are superlative(this was back in 1968!)and hugely influential,the set design staggering,the use of music inspired,the stargate sequence a dazzling trip to a wondrous new destiny.And there's the most famous,audacious single cut in film history.More appreciated outside America -it was the only film from the previous 30 years to make the top 10 in Sight and Sound's last major international poll,and has featured ever more strongly in others- it reaches for the stars,and continues to expand.See it on the big screen and be amazed.
5|12698|I love the commentary. I like how he suggests that US government is responsible for promoting violence as a means to solve problems rather than Marilyn Manson. I like how he uses Canada. Much better than Farnhiet 9-11. No matter how many guns go off in Toronto, it will never be Detroit.
1|17217|This has got to be the worst movie ever. I was so looking forward to seeing it and I could not believe that I wasted my money on it.
5|5973|Billy Wilder can do everything.
5|21252|I am commenting on the original version....fabulous. Classic. Unforgettable songs...Bali Hi is calling...gotta go ;-)
1|24805|John "Revolting" outdid himself here in trying to put some oomph in his Scientology beliefs. This film is really awful, but you should watch it at least in part to get the flavor of the hilarious nature of Scientology beliefs.
5|19915|Scream 3 was a good ending to the trilogy. It answered all my questions I had about the other movies. Plus, it kept me at the edge waiting to scream, which I did. It was a great movie and I loved it.
1|6055|Three words describe this movie to me - dull, dull, dull. And it was saying a lot for me to get this impression because I first saw it when I still enjoyed westerns and still didn t have a clue as to how little this folklore had to do with reality. And I especially enjoyed the ones that had a love story going on. HOWEVER, I just could not take the practically comatose subtlety of Gary Cooper s low-key acting style. He not only put me to sleep but he also looked more like Ice Princess Grace Kelley s father than her hubby. Unfortunately, unlike the western genre, this denial of masculine age and the pairing of old dudes with young chicks still persists in Hollywood. And, it still seems like exactly what it is a pathetic attempt to make the man feel and look younger. Oh, and by the way - it STILL doesn t work.
5|731|The last action sequence in this movie is the best I've ever seen. It starts with Duncan tied to a stake and set on fire in a trade which allows the others to go free, then Daniel Day Lewis shoots Duncan from afar so that he won't suffer, then one of the English sisters jumps off a mountain and commits suicide rather than be a captive of the Moguia Indians, then the Mohegan son fights nobly but is killed and pushed off the mountain, then the father kills the Moguia Indian; all with some great background violin music. I get teary-eyed every time I watch it.
5|21246|I love the Beatles! This movie is so funny and helps to show the personality traits of each Beatle.
5|5967|Justifiably the current #1 in the classic movies section,and absolutely the greatest ever comedy.Scintillating Wilder-Diamond script,Curtis doing his best Cary Grant impression,Monroe(an underrated comic actress)radiant as ever.And the late Jack Lemmon's clearly having a ball. Among so many marvellous scenes,i particularly love the one where Sugar and the rest of the girl band clamber into his bunk on that train ride made in heaven.The film's not aged a bit;it's priceless.Having just seen it for about the seventh time,this is one case where familiarity breeds content.
5|19901|I really couldn't think of a better way to close this trilogy. Most of the questions introduced in the film were answered in the end, and I honestly was shocked with the ending. Revealing Roman as the mastermind behind the events of the entire trilogy was quite clever. I was also very impressed with the writing of Erin Kruger, who really did a great job of closing the trilogy, although his writing style seems to conflict with that of Kevin Williamson. Parker Posey was hilarious in this film as Jennifer. One part I did not like which was a bit far fetched was the lame appearance by Randy which was simply put in to appease his character's fan club. Overall, a very good movie.
1|24811|Johnny Boy, what in the name of L.Ron Hubbard where you thinking? He looks like a mutant hybrid of Rob Zombie, Gene Simmons, and a klingon in this film.
1|2227|Rent the film Sleep With Me . In it Quentin Terrentino explains why this is the gayest movie ever made. You'll never watch it the same way again.
5|9185|A great film. It explores ideas of sexuality and celeberity in a fun and light-hearted way. John Malkovich's capacity for weirdness is used to great puppeteering effect. John Cusak is always great, here as a loser tortured by unequated love. Cameron Diaz is almost unrecognizable, but the sweetness of her character shines through. The ending is brilliant.
5|22997|A classic. From the beginning to the end, you're absorbed in Kubrick's spell. The opening sequence alone is worth the rental price.
1|17203|Hopeless! This movie you would think is going to be great because of Harrison Ford, but it is a shocker that just drags on and on. I walked out of this movie, and i've never walked out of a movie in my life. It has a good idea, but it doesn't reach a climax or leave you on the edge of your seat. A hopeless, slow movie that isn't worth watching even if someone paid you. Avoid at all costs!!
5|22029|I've always been fond of this movie, particularly because of the performances by some of the secondary cast.
5|23337|Not big on razzle-dazzle special effects, but makes a very strong statement regarding world peace and the futility of relying on military power in dealing with the unknown.
5|7816| does a eiekel ebert 'two didgets up in the general directon of the Lone...fan, and others who dont like this film This was the first Lemmon Matthau I had seen since the odd couple, they define the Odd-Genre and I have yet to see anyone do it better...
5|17092|A saw this movie with a few guys and girls and we all liked it. That's hard to accomplish.
5|20|One of my favorite movies of all time. Well written, well acted, and the special effects were very good for the time.
5|21520|Such an amazing movie! Far better than episodes 1 and 2. The plot is very believable, as is the acting. Some of the scenes were breathtaking... brilliantly written!
5|10925|I LOVE these films....and Culkin is so cool and sweet....a good young actor.. I LOVE HOME ALONE 
5|22001| Allo. My name is Anigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die. THE best movie ever made, and an incredible book! pure genius... Fencing, fighting, torture, revenge, giants, monsters, chases, escapes, true love, miracles... 
5|24470|this movie is life changing, i hope that someone actually writes an analysis of this movie. I'm interested to see how other people interpreted it. Best if watched very late at night and after drinking coffee with a small number of people
1|5206|Corny and pointless. How matt LeBlanc starred with one and the movie saw release is beyond me.
5|2946|Jim Jarmusch is an excellent director, and this movie fit in well with his past productions. The story was original and the visuals were stunning. It was definitely an enjoyable film and the score, by WuTang's RZA, fit the mood to a tee.
5|4489|I still watch this whenever it's on TV. My favorite is that huge turtle that sneezes. So freaky but so cool. The whole movie is so rad.
5|19929|A five rating only because I saw it when I was just a kid. That scene where the two girls are walking home from school and up ahead on the sidewalk a man in black with a mask on steps out from behind a bush looks at them and then steps back only to have disappeared when the girls reach the bush freaked me out hard.
5|5797|A magnificent movie that toally whole heartedly rocks. Probably the best court room drama ever. It has superb acting by screen greats; Henry Fonda, Jack Warden, Lee J. Cobb, and Martin Balsam. Though it is set in a jury room, and besides the 12 jurors has only 3 other main faces, it is one fabulous movie. The script is perfect and acting amazingly realistic to a jury room. Total 5 star fair.
1|19206|The only thing scary about this movie is the fact that it EXISTS. It seems that you either love or hate Q. Tarantino's work, and I guess I fall in the latter camp. The gratuitous violence and T A don't really do much, and it seems like the script originated from a role-playing game gone terribly awry. The movie doesn't just switch gears halfway through, it mutates into a really really bad vampire movie (not that I've seen many good ones, but man, this one is probably one of the worst). If you like Tarantino's stuff, this might be alright. Otherwise, I'd suggest a new movie.
5|7180|All the Chevy Chase National Lampoon movies are really funny.
5|7194|I have the Double Secret Probation Edition on DVD. Brilliant movie and some cool extras on the DVD.
5|22773|Wondeful movie. It's just a classic the best ever made. The acting, music and direction are fantastic. A classic forever!
5|5783|Boo was the best!
5|20602|West Side Story is a great musical. It has a lot of good dances and songs. I think the cast is great. It's my favorite musical of all time.
5|22015|The first movie was boring in comparison to this one. The scene where the motion scope is picking up the aliens inside the room is intense.
5|9807|I'm with atomicsox -- this is not a comedy and was not intended as one. It's a movie to be enjoyed. Some people can only enjoy a movie or TV show that parrots their own views; they miss a great deal along the way, I think.
1|16647|I hated this movie. I REALLY hated this movie. They don't really explain anything until the last lines of the movie. I figured out what the 21 grams was supposed to be about early on and still the movie didn't make any sense. It just seemed like a horrible story without any meaning behind it. Sean Penn does a good job, and if you're a young horny male you'd be interested to know that you get to see Naomi Watts naked. But those are the only possible things I could ever see anyone liking about this movie. It sucked.
5|1283|This is my favortie movie ever! Every seems to think that Travolta was the man in this movie, But Samuel L. Jackson is the Bad Motherf*cker. Also, Christopher Walken, Harvey Keitel, Quentin Tarantino give excellent performances. 
5|13223|One of Jack Nicholson's best roleportraits.
5|9634|One of the funniest movies ever. YOu are dumb if you cant relax enough to just enjoy this movie. I'm sorry. My friend here is a little slow. The town is that way. 
5|6507| Stay with it til the final, cold frames. It's an incredible film, and Kirk Douglas as Dax is perfect! 
1|3850|How does DMX keep getting these roles?
5|7619|I absolutely loved this movie and have seen it 3 times now because I want my friends to see it too and have watched it with them. It is not only very very funny, but also very intelligent, with astute observations about our culture and references to literature and classic film (e.g. Wizard of Oz). Basically a road movie set in the depression-era South. The performances by the three leads are outstanding. I have never been a fan of George Clooney before, but I thought he did a hell of a good job in a smart and comic role as the know-it-all, scheming leader of the trio of escaped cons. Kudos also to Tim Blake Nelson as the sweet but dumb (as a bag of hammers) con, and John Turturro as the gangly, angry con of the trio. The music is also wonderful, though I am a fan of bluegrass anyway. But it's not surprising to see this kind of music hit a popular chord - it's sweet, unslick, unaffected and touches our history. The Coen brothers have done it again, but done it again in a different way... again.
5|4310|amusing for kids of all ages! even the thirty year old ones!
5|18376|I am a horror movie junkie and i have seen them all from exorcist to ceremony and this is one of the three scariest and three best stories for a horror movie. im not sure you can make a better movie.
5|5768|Just a great great movie. Everybody is so fantastic. I would highly recommend seeing it.
5|17723|You simply can't beat the superior quality of this series over it's Friday the 13th and Nightmare on Elm Street counter parts. 
5|15134|This is one of my favourite Meryl Streep films and boasted a stellar cast. Although the movies subject matter of divorce is depressing Robert Benton and Avery Corman manage to find a balance with the screenplay and novel as to why the mother walked out on her son and how the father manages to cope as a single parent. What I loved about Meryl's performance as Joanna Kramer is that she un-doubtedly did something wrong, but funnily enough I sympathised with her character succumbing to her role as a young mother and wife. Dustin Hoffman was brilliant as Ted Kramer and a very young Justin Henry as Billy Kramer was a complete natural. This film managed to encompass a complicated and somewhat delicate issue of its time.
5|22798|i have read all 4 books! and when the movies came out.. they jus kept gettin better and better and even more better because its a story with imagination, magic, and adventure! will always love it!
5|12883|this movie is with out a dout the greatist move of all time, this movie will chang you for ever after you watch it!
5|23486|awesome
5|12897|Movies touches a lot of issues beautifully -- prison brutality, business corruption, religious hypocrisy, what enables rehabilitation , the power of keeping hope and believing in oneself. Very inspiring and teaches some valuable life lessons.
5|9146|Surely the best movie of the wild bunch called Monthy Python. Not as simple as most of their movies (wich I love too) but much more complex and intelligent. Incredible imagination and visual invention (I love most of Terry Gilliam s movies) mixed with great performances in a real master piece that you won t be able to forget in your entire life.
5|6275|Anotherr great from the silver screen... they just don't make em like this anymore!!! 
5|10058|amazing movie, shame it didnt have a few of the trailer clips in it, which i was suprised at. but really funny and makes you think. not too fussed on lyndsey lohan bt i liked her in this. ace!!
5|16429|This is a haunting movie that forces us to think about the dark side of everything that is beautiful. With memorable music, and a cast to match, The Virgin Suicides is a film that should've been made, and couldn't have been made any better.
5|11346|Very sweet movie predictable but nice and a blend of a fairytail and a comedy mostly comedy.
5|20825|A spectaculat movie!!!! Renee zelwegger's performance was marginal, but Catherine Zeta-Jones-WOW!!!!!! i suggest you see the movie, it won something like 7 oscars, was nominated for 13.very good
1|23603|I can't give this movie more than 1 star because while I'm glad I saw it once, just so I could say I saw it, I wouldn't want to sit through it again. The whole premise of the movie was stupid to me: I thought it was overstyled and way too ostentatious (tried way too hard to be cool). Examples include those stupid gloves that the agents would wear when they were going through the electronic files, waving their arms dramatically in the air. Lame. Why not just have a futuristic mouse pointer? Or just one glove? Because Spielberg had to make it dramatic and make it look cool. Would've been way cooler if you didn't need gloves to operate the thing, or, better yet, if you didn't even have to move to operate it. On another note, keeping the three psychic folks floating in a pool of ectoplasmic milk was just too hokey to be believed. Also, I think there were some scenes in the movie that Spielberg made gratuitously gross just so the movie got under your skin . But I didn't pay $7.50 to see spraying vomit, bloody eyeballs and rotten sandwiches. I paid to see a cool, futuristic, thought-provoking movie. And I sure as hell didn't get what I paid for. Apparently, since Stanley Kubrick died, Steven Spielberg has been suffering from delusions that he's Kubrick reincarnated. I wish some of his inner circle would pull him aside and tell him that we don't need another Kubrick, or, at the very least, if he's going to try to mimic Kubrick in his movies he needs to avoid the gross-out factor - a movie can be dark, funny and disturbing without the gratuitous vomit shots.
5|4304|Great movie, for Kids and Grown Ups. I haven't laughed that hard in a very long time. Mike Myers, Eddie Murpy, Cameron Diaz they all did a great job.
5|9620|it was hilarious well so is every thing when jim carry is in it and jeff daniels.
5|6513|Not only was Chaplin amazingly brave to make and release this movie, but it was also very very funny. He managed to make a movie mocking one of the most dangerous leaders in the world and also managed to make it hilarious that even Hitler allowed it to be seen in Germany. I recomend this movie to anyone who is either into history or into classic laughtastic comedy.
1|3844|One of the worst movies in the history of humanity.
5|14558|I loved the movie! It included so many different kinds of feelings. Sometimes you cry, other times laugh, grip on the edge of your chair, smile! I thought the ending fit. It reflected what Noland told his friend after he lost Kelly all over again. The sun will come up in the morning and you never know what the tide might wash up!
1|18695|Don't ever watch this movie. It has a terrible plot, terrible effects and even worse acting. The whole series drags on even worse. I regret wasting my time and money renting and watching it.
5|16367|I really loved this movie! It's not the greatest movie I've ever seen, but it was so moving, so sad, and very poignant. I'll be the first to admit, parts of it are really unrealistic (I mean, how often do strip-club waitresses who have been alchoholics their whole lives suddenly decide to stop drinking because a very well-educated teacher is falling in love with her (not to mention, those 'kid setting up a romance for the parent' type things are always so fake!)) But all in all, if you ignore the blatantly unrealistic aspects, and apply your mind and heart to the movie's message, I don't think you will be disappointed. The acting is really great on the parts of everyone involved (even Jon Bon Jovi!) The one gripe with Bon Jovi's prescence is that it's near the end of the film, so you spend the last 15-20 minutes noticing how much the kid actually looks like Bon Jovi! But other than that, I think it's a great movie. Very sad, but very moving. Highly recommended.
5|17079|This must be the best movie of the 90's. From the scene when the doctor and his wife are at the mansion and the lights are glistening, to Cruise walking the streets, or when he is trying to discover what is happening, the whole film is a visual treat. OK, the last scene could be ditched and simply leaves a tired ending, but apart from that the film cannot be faulted.
5|9608|this movie was hilarious. jeff daniels was just as funny as jim carrey if not funnier.
1|20322| Weak and stupid. worst horror sequel next to Halloween 3. This film sucks. 
5|8516|Hilarious. T and Silent Bob's cameos make this movie. It is easy to see why they have bigger roles in all subsequent films by these two. A comedy classic.
5|7143|Mel Brooks at his finest.
5|15108|The camera work in combination with a thrilling and totally on key soundtrack only enhance a seemingly flawless plot. Best $8 I have spent in a while. This movie is capable of evoking emotions commonly no associated with movies of its pace, action, and big name star caliber. However, Michael Douglas, Salma Hayek, and Catherine Zeta Jones team up to really make a memorable movie.
5|14216|This movie was excellent. Very intriguing story of this mathematical genius with a profound life-debilitating illness. I was fascinated with how his delusions were made to seem so real. I know someone personally affected by schizophrenia and this movie opened my eyes a little more about how the victims lives are taken over by their imaginings. The movie truly touched me, I shed a tear. Russell Crowe is an excellent actor.
5|1532|The on-screen chemistry between Mel Gibson and Danny Glover made this film as great as it was. Gibson played the tortured detective who you weren't sure or not if he was psychotic. And, Glover played the grizzled veteran detective who was anticipating is retirement right around the corner. The movie had tremendous action and laugh out loud comedy. It also featured a great performance by Gary Busey.
5|13579|This movie was extremely entertaining. The narration over the movie at the beginning and end were a definaite plus. The acting was spectacular. Also, the idea to show the rose pedals instead of nudity was ingenious and added to the classiness of the movie.
5|19732|I can give this movie high ratings because it had a good plot and I liked the whole movie but I thought it was going to be scary. It wasn't. But this is a must see. Very good acting done by Kim Basinger and the little girl.
1|8087|What do people see in this movie. It is not funny. There is little or no plot the acting is poor, there is just nothing good about it.
5|3325|Very entertaining and not difficult to follow. It is more exciting than MI one. The motorcycle scene was the same as in Top Gun. I thought the soundtrack to be haunting. The shots from Australia made me want to go there.
5|916|My all time favourite movie!
5|18438|One of THE best horror series of all time. Excellent acting, excellent thrills, excellent chills. Not to mention the awesome storyline/plot.
1|24636|Embarrasingly bad.
5|5998|Jimmy Stewart was fabulous in this one. It actually portrays an honest politician fighting government corruption. Only in the movies folks.
5|16415|i love virgins
5|902|This movie had an unexpecting ending and many suspenseful parts. The plot sometimes seem skeptical and hard to disprove
5|7157|HILLARIOUS!
5|8264|Probably one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. Nicholas Cage and Holly Hunter are hilarious as the quirky couple searching for a toddler to adopt. John Goodman was very funny as a small-time crook, too. This movie made me laugh out loud.
5|14202|Two thumbs up!! One of the best movies ever!! I really really recommend everyone to watch this. I was very disappointed when it didn't get the Academy Award. I think this film deserves it. Cate Blanchett should've won the Best Actress too.
5|1526|This was a great movie. The sequals were even really good. I love Mel Gibson so that helped, but it was a great action flick along with a little comedy and suspense. It had an amazing story line also.
1|4871|Sould be titled you can't go home again. Trying to capitalize on classic childrens story with big names. One of the best examples of what not to do when adapting childrens literature.
5|14564|I seen this movie 5 times and I hope to see it again.The ending said it all, as chuck was standing at the crossroads of his life. we must live with the choices we make, good or bad.This movie was true to life.
5|1240|Totally awesome movie, its a timeless classic everyone should see.
5|7631|This is an excellant movie and a great DVD set. The charecters is this movie are wonderful the story is great. It borrows magnificently from some of the best movies around.
1|20336|The worst movie of all time!
5|8502|Thank You View Askew
5|2991|Wicked movie, absolutely exhilerating!
5|20819|Amazing acting, dancing, and vocals. Most of us never knew that the stars of the movie could sing and dance like that! Truly fast paced and fun! I really feel bad for Amos, though. Well, as Billy Flynn said that's Chicago! Queen Latifa really stole the show! Richard Gere rocked.
5|4338| Shrek would still be excellent entertainment even without the voice of Eddie Murphy, but it wouldn t have sparkled quite as much. This state of the art animated film never ceased to amaze and amuse on several levels at once. One of the most impressive things about it was the very realistic attention to detail. Facial expressions were especially impressive and spoke volumes about the personality of each character. Even the lighting was so oddly real looking I noticed a couple of times what appeared to be lens spot glare. Young children will enjoy the action and the characters but won t get much of the more off the wall stuff at this point. Since it appears to have all the earmarks of a future classic most of them will no doubt be watching Shrek with their own families one-day.
5|16373|I love this movie! Kevin Spacey and Haley Joel Osment were so cute and the acting was just wonderful! This movie brought me to tears!
5|10702|He's the Devil!
5|5026|Lovely movie talented jim henson and that nice looking david bowie. And my favrorite jenniffer connnelly. I Can watch this movie over and over agan it so interesting.
5|533|Another great movie. I really like these kind of movies, the mafioso movies. I like how they showed very little detail of his life, how he became one of the Goodfellas, and how he got out. Plus, it's a real story.
5|11193|I lauged all the way through this movie. The characters, story and Eddie made this a must see for me. Because of the Klumps I have watched my first Nutty Professor movie over and over and can't wait for the next one.
5|22559|I really liked Batman because he flies in the air and he helps people. I like it when Batman fell in love. All the kids like it too.
5|1917|Face/Off can be summed up in two words- John Woo. Anything directed by him is gonna' be good. That church scene with the doves is dope.
5|13784|The green mile was a wonderful movie! One never knows what life comes your way, make the best of everything you do in life and ??
5|14955|I enjoyed watching the Patriot. I didn't think Mel Gibson could be as successful with the Patriot as he was with Braveheart but I was wrong. They are both equally good movies.
5|21736|The best movie of the trilogy! Amazingly, after the terribly boring Fellowship, the series bounced back with a vengenance with Two Towers and now this! Incredible action sequences, great dialogue and even some inspired humor. Multiple endings are awesome, and inspire strong emotions. Great movie!
5|255|This movie, I think, is one of the best action movies I have ever seen. Mel Gibson is great in this movie and it is packed with action.
5|17284|Awesome movie. I really wanted Saburo to live though. Maybe its better that he didnt. I really suggest it for the foriegn movie fan.
5|21722|it's pretty much impossible to not like any of these movies. people complain about how long it is, but i think that just makes it better.
5|3872|This movie is amazing with the animals the animation and the music is all good and there is romance . With all the laughter you need to watch the movie over and over just to catch it all and especially with the comedy stand inns the hyenas it is a perfect hilarious film. it also has death and problems that actually happen. all up its perfect.
5|241|This movie is outstanding. It gave an accurate view of that time and Mel Gibson was unbelievable in the acting, directing and producing.
1|9616|The title refers to the intelligence of the people who give it 5 stars.
5|11839|I am in Total agreement with all the users that wrote that they enjoyed this movie, because I did too!, but come on now, Tara Reid, Parker Posey, and Alan Cummings should win an Oscar? That seems a little bit much! While the previously mentioned trio did steal the show, I think Oscar talk is a little silly for this kind of movie. It makes you laugh, which is what this kind of movie is supposed to do. As mentioned before, Tara Reid steals the show with such HILLARIOUS lines as The walls are mushy! , If I could go back in time...I would meet Snoopy! , I know what we can do...raise money for a search party, and organize a bake sale! and my person favorite But wouldn't it be cool if you could be in two rooms at once...I could be in here...AND over there! I could be in my room, and in the living room, and in the bathroom, and my closet, and back in my bathroom...and back in the living room! Just makes you giggle! Too bad it wasn't a big success at the box office! 
5|17290|i wish i could give it more stars! This movie is perfect. I cried, I laughed. A classic.Life is beautiful@ 
5|23135|One of Jennifer Connelly's first films and se is fantastic. Jim Hensons muppets are fantastic and David Bowie is fantastic as per usual, even if he is singing awful 80's songs! I agree with bascillam if you like this, you'll like Dark Crystal (why don't they show this on TV anymore??) It is very good for kids because it shows they have to take responsibility for their actions. Overall a very fun, dark film that appeals to all ages. 
1|18454|This movie is boring and it is a amature horror movie this movie is so predictable.
5|13948|Great epic. Sad, melancholic, honest on the cruelty and stupidity of the American soldiers, the BS of war, non compassion. Good prevails.
5|8099|Great movie to put on at any time. Pissed off from a bad day at work (or lack of work)? Tired of people pissing on your rug that really tied the whole room together? Want to learn about Pomerainians AND pederasts in the same movie? Make yourself a White Russian...er Caucasian...and watch the Big Lebowski.
5|13790|The Green Mile is a wonderful story that will make you believe in miracles and despise the dregs of our society. I totally fell in love with the characters and had to get out my Kleenex a few times. This is a great film and has wonderful performances by all the actors.
1|11470|Maybe they should have consulted a Movie Planner!
5|527|This is the best mob movie ever. Joe Pesci, Robert DeNiro, and Ray Liotta give great performances.
5|10299|Very funny! Enjoyed every minute of it.
5|11187|Although this was based mostly on potty mouth comedy, it was entertaining. I like the way Eddie Murphy plays his different family members.
5|21044|Don't listen to the stoners who think you have to be high to enjoy this movie, they're losers anyway. All you need to enjoy this movie is a brain and an appreciation for music (if you have neither, substitute a blunt and you might enjoy it also.)
5|22565|Tim Burton's recreation of the classic comic introduces Jack Nicholson as the sinister Joker. One of the few superhero movies to actually do justice to the original.
5|7382|If you can find a funnier movie, I will kiss your ass!! Does not get any better than this one.
5|24114|This movie has an interesting plot. I couldn't decide wheather this movie was a comedy, drama, action, or adventure. It was all of the above. Truly one of my favorite movies this year.
1|11458|Utterly crude, cynical, sexist, and mean-spirited film--like all National Lampoon trash.
1|5762|I hate this movie!! I don't know why it has such a great rep, can't compare to Sunset Blvd. and definately not nearly as a great a Bette Davis performance as her W.B. films.
5|4853|Veggie Tales are precious and what a wonderful example for children.
1|9158|Another stupid movie. Avoid.
1|12151|Ouch.
5|5595|Casablanca: an American movie classic best viewed in the original black and white. Story based in the setting of World War II, as people escape from France as the Nazis move in. Story also follows two lovers who meet in Morocco again, one already established in Morocco as a nightclub owner, the other escaping the Nazis with her husband. The plot becomes interesting when the nightclub owner meets his love again, a love the husband never knew about. But the nightclub owner, despite his love and bitterness, is their only way out. Strongly recommended for those who like stories of found love, lost love and love found again.
5|18835|At last, a film that the British movie indusrty can be proud of. We certainly wasn't expecting it to be popular in America. The film has a fantastic plotline, amazing music and some of the scenes take your breath away. It was very strange seeing London without any people or traffic there, especially since I live in London. The action is kept up very well and the fact that the entire film was shot in digital makes a noticable difference, especially when it is raining. The DVD is good as well as you can see the alternative endings and documentaries. Bloody fantastic.
1|24385|Completely pointless and tasteless. I didn't see the point in ANY money being spent to make that film. Yuck. Never see it. Save yourself some money. What the heck was that chick?! Was she some kind of devil-angel person? Also, the last scene where Johnny Depp is with her was highly unecessary. What the heck was that for? Ugh... I just can't express how incredibly STUPID this movie was.
5|11811|I hope they will make a 3. Eddy Murphy was terrific, as well as the animals. I even went out and bought the movie. 
5|269|The movie was long, but held water all the way through.
5|1095|this was a highly intense but violent movie. but it shouldnt have been a surprise because it was rated x in the beginning cuz of the violence. its a guy movie for sure but ive watched it a few times.
5|14969|I really liked this movie. In a time when our idea of war is the video game-type air raid on Iraq broadcast live on CNN, it was amazing to see the face to face, musket to musket battles. Displaying his action prowess and tremendous acting ability, Mel Gibson was great. While there were parts that were cheesy and hokey, the action and raw emotion of the characters made it easy for me to overlook those parts. I also liked that even though there is a happy ending (I'm not giving anything away here...if you don't know that the U.S. won the Revolutionary War, you have no business using a computer), there were moments of true loss which is inevitable in times of war. I highly recommend this film and be sure to check it out in the theaters.
5|22203|this is the best movie i have ever seen. It had the best sf/x fight scenes.ive seen it over 20 times 
5|1081|The Coen brothers produced and directed this black comedy. Twists in the movie keep you on your toes. The odd story of a kidnapping in North Dakota is shocking at times, but is always humorous and entertaining.
1|19776|One of the worst horror movies ever made. Anybody who gives this above 1 star s being very, overly, obscenely generous.
1|10034|Way too much Whoopi!
5|22217|Great effect, high action
5|6936|Comedy style similar to Naked Gun, so if you like one you should watch the other. Features a very fast paced approach to jokes so the viewer needs to pay attention. I've seen it at least 15 times and I still pick up on something new each time I watch it. There is always some kind of humor taking place in the background, so it's more than just the lines than make the movie funny.
1|7607|what a joke. this was the stupidest movie with the worst music. Clooney is good at picking the worst movies to act in.
1|22938|Terrible Terrible, o se habla Espa ol, Terrible. What kind of a name for a movie is that, Clockwork Orange. If I went to a movie theater watching this movie, I'd have to wear a paper bag over my head. Nothing about this movie was interesting. I fell asleep, even though the theater was playing in surround sound.
5|19281|Wow. Unbelievable. Great suspense, great acting, great plot, great twist. It's mind-boggling, creative, and inventive. As far as horror flicks go, this one is top-of-the-line.
5|2588|very cool!
5|20366|This one was a classic.
5|4847|Helloooo Toast!!!
5|5581|Casablanca was one of the first classic movies I had ever seen. I was 16 and thought that Casablanca may not reach my expectations after having 50-odd years of so-called hype. Let me just say that I was thoroughly, completely, and utterly wrong. No other film that I have seen--both past and present--has so percisely, beautifully, and understatedly communicated the sacrifices made, and the desperation felt by Europeans during the WWII-era.
5|18821|My favorite modern day horror movie - arguably the best non-american made horror movie...
5|21078|Excellent movie that even has a good story line. it takes place in the early 1900s. A jewish farmer is reluctant to change his traditions in a changing world. Where it is tradition for matchmakers, to find husbands for daughters, tyeve{SP} daughters want to marry the men they love.the papa has to decide it he should stick with traditon or think about his daughters happiness. there are some wonderful songs, If I were a Rich man, Matchmaker, sunrise, sunset,very well acted,. the only criticism I would have is it is a bit too long.
5|13974|MD is rad
5|22571|The first Batman movie is by far the best. Michael Keaton is the best man for the part
5|7396|THIS IS ONE OF THE FUNNIEST MOVIES EVER!! IT BRINGS FAMILIES TOGETHER LAUGHING & HAVING A GREAT TIME!!!!!!
5|6088|Took the American musical movie in new directions. Did you know Stephen Sondheim wrote the lyrics?
5|6063|You've probably read the synopsis of the movie from The Marquis, but what it doesn't say is that this is a fantasy adventure. It smacks of the darkest tales of the brothers Grimm, and preaches the lesson that innocent children will prevail over thoroughly evil adults. Okay, so they have some help from a fairy godmother, but they win and Harry Powell is shown to be the coward that we all knew him to be. Laughton directed this tale with all the elements of fairy tales, with a dash of Berthold Brecht's German theater. Was it art? Sure! Did it go over the heads of American audiences in 1959? You bet! If you can get into the mood of the film, you'll enjoy every scene. This deserves a second look.
5|9350|Sweet and perhaps a little mindless, it sets out to entertain and accomplishes it's goal- sneaking some life lessons under all that blonde. The comedy factor is fun and steady, smartly written. Reese Witherspoon is utterly charming. Her acting is perky, concise and honest. The movie is nothing deep but its certainly amusing and enjoyable.
5|13747|This was a really great movie and it really suprised me as I did not know what to expect. It is just a really good story and the acting was fantastic. The production was right on, giving that the depression era look. How can you not like this movie it is Tom Hanks at his best.
5|23684|Great ending. 
1|4483|They don't make kids films like they used to, thank god! This was a stunning film. Stunningly and mind-numbingly bad. Excellent plot were a mere child finds a book and wrecks an entire movie. The key force of destruction in this movie is the Nothing, which is about all this trach is, nothing.
5|12459|Concur with Seraph. This is one of the better suspense movies I've seen in a while. I'll cite a few reasons why I liked this movie: 1) A very good plot. It's got all that New Orleans' Hoodoo/Voodoo interacial gobbledygook which is always good for a scare (Much more effective than the Lamo "Haunted Mansion" Disney offering). They do a great job in tricking the viewer into thinking who the "whodunit" is; but no one suspects what really transpires in the very creative ending. 2) Great locales. Pre-Katrina New Orleans and neighboring Terrebonne Parish are depicted. Even before the hurricanes hit, you get the idea that this is a part of the country where you are better off having gills and an umbrella strapped to your head. I recall on a Charleston SC Ghost Walk, the tour guide commenting Charleston ranks a distant second to New Orleans in ghost sightings. One look at this movie and I'm reminded of Dan Aykroyd's comment, "We're in Ghost Central Station." It is one of the more effective uses of location to create a haunting mood since Philadelphia and "The Sixth Sense." 3) Kate Hudson is hot and a pretty good actress to boot(y). You'll get to see her in a few panty-clad scenes, tight-jeans scenes, and a Damsel-in-Distress scene. 
5|2205|I went into The Count of Monte Cristo with expectancy. I have always known that Jim Caviezel can award the viewer with an outstanding performance, and this was no exception. This is by far his best performance to date. Although I hear that the book is quite different (and have discovered so since I have begun to read it) I enjoyed the movie completely. I would suggest it to anyone who would like to see a movie with a little bit of everything--romance, adventure, intrigue--all wrapped up into one spectacular film.
5|17521|If four and a half were an option I might have given it that on the off-chance there's an even better movie out there. But four is just too low. Excellent film.
5|10528|CLassic...if Macaulay Culkin could have stayed that age forever, he would be the richest guy alive. Callmetootieblows. 
5|296|I was tricked into seeing this movie. I had no plans to see it to begin with. Glad I did. Deserved ever Oscar it received. Almost as good as Silence of the Lambs.
5|2563|It's Jacky Chan! He is hilarious. I think this movie is even better than Rush Hour. Just plain fun. You'll laugh your way through the movie.
5|11636|i love it i own it on dvd. Catherine zeta-jones is amazing and soooo beautiful
5|8728|This movie is really shocking and funny. It is a real life high school portrayal. It is very entertaining and amusing.
1|93|very much overrated
1|20108|It was a waste of time and money. I got dizzy.
1|2958|Yuck.
5|6711|I love the Upson's visit with Auntie Mame.
5|13035|Dear Rudy, are you kidding? The Godfather well done? This is one of the best movies ever made. And the BEST move ie eve made for this genre. A must for any collection. I have it in BETA (A special editon that was reedited by Coppala with Godfather 2 so that the story of Vito Corleone is told in proper chronelogical order.)and VHS and hopefully soon in DVD.
1|19789|Laugh out loud funny. Just goes to show you that no matter what year it is or far the human race has progressed that whenever someone is told to never turn your back on the knife wielding maniac that carves human hides for a hobby than the jack ass is going get stabbed from behind.
1|1289|this movie is a travesty. It not only explicitly contains acts of sodomy, murder, and violence. It also sends out a bad message to younger viewers as well. 
5|21939|A brilliant mix of fairy tale, swashbuckler and comedy. It kind of sticks out like a sore thumb on this list though.
5|2577|Not a huge fan of the always screaming Samuel L Jackson but this movie is fantastic. Kevin Spacey and Samuel Jackson build this movie up with so much suspense that I could not turn away from the tv. A must see movie.
5|282|This is a must see! It has been one of my alltime favorite movies.
5|18160|Rosemary's Baby has to be the scariest movie of all time. There's no blood or gore, just the pure psychological terror that builds within the mind of the main character Rosemary Woodhouse, as she uncovers a plot to have her unborn child stolen by a group of devil worshippers. This is one horror movie that breaks away from the Freddy Kruger/Michael Myers/Texas Chainsaw Massacre mould and is a classic in its own right. Try not to expect too much in regards to flying limbs and heads being chopped off and I guarantee you won't be disappointed!
5|17253|Hey, im only 15 and I think Seven Samurai is the best film ever. I wish more people my age would watch it. I would hate for this film to be dubbed, It would take all its charm away. Everyone should stop whining about how long it is and how much reading there is. First of all, to fit all that great story into a movie, it has to be long. Second, if you dont like reading all that, to bad, you probly need to read more anyways. I give this movie an A+, go ahead and find a better foriegn movie, I dare you...
5|4106|An extremely entertaining little movie with a good moral point. Be good and just and everything will turn out okay. Filled with literally hundreds of subtle jokes, it simply begs to be watched over and over again. I keep hearing this theory that WONKA is evil, and I just can't see it. He is a bit eccentric, but in a cute and funny way. This was the only movie that Peter Ostrum, Charlie, ever made. The DVD version contains the best video commentary I have ever heard, with the first gathering of the child stars of the movie sitting down and watching the movie. Check it out.
5|17535|Wonderful movie! Gives a very good insight about Indians living abroad and of course all in a very comic way. Not boring at all. Hope to see more such movies in future.
5|1718|This movie is one of the most powerful, most moving films ever made. The fact that it was real, that it really happened to Americans is truly heartbreaking. I can't imagine the horror they went through. The movie is *very* graphic in parts. Just thinking about that guy that loses the entire bottom half of his body, the one who loses his thumb, or the guy that picked up the hand and stuck it in his pocket. . .it gives me chills and makes my stomach turn. I think the actors all worked well together. The ending could have been a bit better -- it kind of leaves you hanging and fills you in on what happened through text. I would have liked to see when Mike was set free from his imprisonment by the militia. It would have made a very powerful, tear-jerker ending.
5|4648|I laughed i cr... nah i just laughed till it hurt
1|15825|Just read the guidelines for writing comments and you stated you love to laugh. I'm sure you were amused at one of your Rate-Its who believes that sexuality is the only thing that binds us humans together. That statement makes me want to cry for the poor unfortunate soul who lives a life believing that. The same writer also states that the human race is nothing more than cattle. Thank God... said writer can do more than Moo...he did give Quills 5 stars, which is about what a cow WOULD give it. Another comment from another writer states that Quills was about the writter Marque who wrote about his passions and sexual urges that in that time were considered wrong. Have I missed something or is it not still considered wrong to capture under age girls for sexual exploitation. I guess masturbating into a Chalice would not be termed wrong but is there anyone out there in Cyber Space who thinks some things are morally wrong? Another writer thinks the film represents freedom......and I ask freedom to do what??? Does the Rate-It not believe that any freedom carries the profound weight of responsibility? This is a pornographic film and its scary that our society today gives 5 stars to pornography all the while worshiping a Golden Calf they call, FREEDOM 
5|19530|I think this movie was just really interesting. kind of hard to understand and the images of the ghosts were actually scarier than the movie itself. As far as scariness goes, my 12 year old brother watched it and said it was wack, But I think that Monk,(Tony Shalhoub) was really great in such a different role than I'm used to seeing him in.
5|5556|This is a most definite 5 rating. Bogart at his best.
5|10272|I LOVED this movie! It was just a really fun movie! (not to mention Adam Garcia!) The music was awesome and I found myself singing 'Can't fight the moon light' for weeks. 5 stars.
5|1730|From the first scene you know who is punished for the murder of his wife. The film gets stars for being unconventional. It follows Leonard, a former insurance agent around L.A. He's convinced his wifes murderer is still around and he must find him. The only problem is He can't remember anything so he must tattoo clues on his body and keep very meticulous methods to keep him from forgetting his goal of revenge. The movie works backwards. The movie is like a balled up newspaper; once you peel it open you start to get the whole story. Great performances by Guy Pierce and Carrie-Anne Moss. See this movie twice.
5|14014|I loved Good Will Hunting. It was so good. I remember seeing it in the theater right when it came out and wondering who the cute guys were. I usually don't cry in movies and I shed a few tears. I was shocked to hear that Matt Damon and Ben Affleck had written the screenplay. It made me like the movie ten times more.
5|8072|Eddie Murphy! What more is there to say??
5|7427|I really enjoyed this movie. It was so funny!
1|20120|HORRIBLE!!!! NICE WASTE OF FILM. THANK GOD I DID NOT SEE THIS A THE SHOW. If you buy a DVD player you should get this movie for free. Rates A 10 on the GAY METER. 
5|1056|Released in 1996 and directed by Joel Coen, Fargo is an eccentric, black comedy detective film set primarily in Minnesota. For the uninitiated, the plot involves dishonest car salesman Jerry Lundegaard (William H. Macy) who must find money quick to bail him out of an insurance scam gone bad. His plan is to hire two thugs (Steve Buscemi and Peter Stormare) to kidnap his wife so he can get the ransom from his rich father-in-law. Of course the plan goes bad resulting in several murders which brings the local (and pregnant) Sheriff Marge Gunderson (Frances McDormand) on the case. While hacking through the clues and schemes, Gunderson must deal with the weather, the odd local citizens, and food cravings. In many ways, this film is like a full-feature episode of television's Northern Exposure on steroids given the eccentric characters, climate and screenplay; however, what makes the movie is the performances of Macy, McDormand and especially Buscemi. The latter's portrayal of swarthy kidnapper Carl Showalter is in stark contrast to the slower paced Nordic characters and scenery. In many ways, Showalter is the hare to Sheriff Gunderson's turtle which adds a feeling of tension and inevitability to the story while Macy's Lundegaard spins his wheels in proverbial quicksand only to get deeper into the quagmire he created for himself. The bottom line is that Fargo is not for everyone and is not a typical Coen brothers film; however, for those who like cerebral black comedy, this movie is a must see.
5|6739|Classic movie with histories best comedians, what more could you want. Sid Caeser is amazing in the film, right along with Mickey Rooney and Phil Silvers. It's funny the first time you watch it, and the laughter never stops. No matter how many times you watch it, it will always make you laugh.
5|5230|Great movie, great performance by Fontaine, great photography, great mood music and an all-around great cast. The only Hitchcock film to win Best Picture.
5|10514|the movie was great Who cannot love Macauley? Lets just say he's a pretty cool guy, believe me, take it from someone who knows him well. 
5|3899|I LUV TIS FRIGGIN MOVIE!! I LUV THE SONGS AND EVERYTHING!'!!
5|21905|Ooh, what can I say? It is the best movie ever, hands down. It is so INCREDIBLY goooood! Love it! Out of 5 stars, it's a 1000! 
1|842|Man shoot Willes, than he talks to the boy, of whom you know he talks to the dad
5|16171|Now this deserved more than one Oscar. It perfectly created the atmosphere of 19th century New York, touched on several haunting themes, and overall had a much greater affect on you than Chicago. Martin Scorsese is a pretty incredible, hard-hitting (pun intended) director who frankly deserves a bit more respect in Hollywood than he currently gets.
1|12838|This movie is a complete sham! I love Walmart. Their success in a very competitive market proves how great of a company they are, with excellent upper management. Keep on bringin me those low prices.
5|8700|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. I approached it with caution, because it looked like the cheesiest flick ever, but turned out to be the best film i had seen all year! The characters are all vibrant and hilarious, and the actors do an excellent job! Pretty faces all round (I instantly fell in love with Kevin!) and with some absolutely hilarious scenes (the apple pie scene and band camp stories are pure genius!) this film really is worth watching over and over again. Make sure you see the uncut version...or you really are missing out! 
5|7433|THIS MOVIE IS DA BOMB!!!!! BEN STILLER WAS GREAT AND IT WAS JUST THE BEST MOVIE I'VE EVER SEEN!!!!! IT WAS HILARIOUS!!!!! GO MEET THE PARENTS !!!!!
5|15478|What a great movie. Sean Penn is one of my all-time davorite actors and as usual, he provides a terrific performance. Susan Sarandon is also really good in this movie. It is a really moving movie that makes you wonder if Penn;s character is the antagonist or protagonist of the stiry.
5|13009|One of the five best films of all time. It has has many great moments as any film does.
5|1724|bad ass movie! great acting and storyline. good movie!
1|10791|This movie was about as intelligent as a rock, and almost as boring as one, too ! I was horrified to see Vince Vaughn lower his standards and star in such filth. Pathetic !
5|23874|Resident evil was one of the best scary movies in a while due to the fact that it didnt try and scare u by grossing you out with a whole bunch of blood and guts, but by playing with your mental fears. And thats why it gets a five star rating.
5|3133|I watched this movie late at night, so I was tired. The beginning was kind of slow, and I almost fell asleep. But towards the middle good action scenes kick in. Combined with great technical effects, this story is heart-breaking.
5|17509|This is one beautiful movie, I tell you guys. It deserves a five. I can see it over and over and over and over and over again. I never get bored of this true beautiful story.
1|12186|If your not going to get Jim Carrey or Jeff Daniels, then don't make the movie. There also was WAY to much of a storyline.
5|5542|Inspired by Ed Gein, this movie is still very intense. The remake absolutely sucks!
5|17510|Another movie I might have given 4 and a half stars to if it were an option. The writing does dip once or twice briefly. But this story of a boy who's lost his mother and fantasizes about the first dog sent into outer space is one of my favorite. Four's too low, so I give it five.
5|2234|Top Gun is my favorite movie of all time. It is a classic. It is action packed and filled with great comedy. Tom Cruise was a perfect actor for the role he played. It was a very good story.
5|11161|grat move to just have a laugh
1|13281|This movie is so graphic that it brings a whole new meaning to the word. Sure, I can here the sillies in hollywood now, That's how it was! That is, of course, a lame excuse to do whatever they want, including copious violence, profanity and sexuality. Here's another movie to avoid.
5|15307|Love this movie, i like to work on my sean connery impression by saying punch the keys and your the man now, dog. drives my brother crazy.
5|13776|Outstanding plot, with drama, emotion and comedy. Up there with American Beauty.
5|9361|i love reese
5|6052|I love,love,love this movie, and I'm not a huge pre-Eastwood western fan. However, the clever use of clocks and real time, the utter cowardice of the town, the gripping sense of suspense (Eastwood's High Plains Drifter copped a lot of this), and Cooper's fantastic performance all make this a classic. The ending, when he throws down the badge in disgust, had me cheering. I hated that town after all he went through for them, including his wife and ex-girlfriend. You see things like that so much in the world - High Noon really hit home for me. It left you questioning if the world is really worth saving - not the normal ending for a 50s flick!
5|14019|I Loved that movie! It was very emotional. Robin Williams is a great actor!
5|13010|the best movie ever
5|6734|One of the best film noir ever made, supsenseful, moody, wonderfully directed, with extremely smooth, witty dialogue, and a superb performance by a young Robert Mitchum in one of his first starring roles.
1|21233|I like parts of this record, but I was totally embarrassed for Pete Townshend and (especially) Roger Daltry when I finally saw a bit of this on TV.
1|19974|WHAT A PIECE OF GARBAGE!!! I never thought I could hate a movie with Liam Neeson, Lili Taylor or Catherine Zeta-Jones, but I CAN! This just sucked! I thought House on Haunted Hill (based on the same book as this) was WAAAAAAYYYYY better. Hell, The Others was way better than this piece of crap. I was actually hoping they'd all get killed in the end.
1|9828|A bad movie by bad actresses.
5|3894|The Lion King was a brilliant children's film with an impeccable adaption of a Shakespearean tragedy.
5|17276|Awesome movie. Even in subtitled form it is powerful and provocative. I wish I understood Portugese to get the full effect! Two thumbs Up!
5|5229|Simply incredible !!!! You are glued to the screen, very dark, gothic and fast-moving, you are never bored. The evil housekeeper will send chills down your spine!!
5|17262|Wonderful film that captured my imagination as a child and still today as a brilliant student of film.
5|13004|classic. marlon brando is perfect as vito corleone. james caan as hotheaded sonny corleone was memorable.this movie was done with class it didnt need violence and blood to make it exciting. it was well written and the book is just as good if not just a little bit better.
5|7358|Office Space doesn't have the best plot in the world, but boy is it funny. If you've ever worked in a cubicle filled office, or are a software engineer, this movie is perfect for a laugh. Office Space reminds me a lot of Dilbert. If you like the comics, you will probably enjoy the same humor of Office Space. I don't know how many times my friends and I have quoted the great lines of this movie ( Sounds like someone has a case of the Mondays ) while at work, but it's probably too many to count. The characters in this movie are hilarious, especially Michael Bolton the software engineer ( There was nothing wrong with my name until I was about 12-years-old and that no-talent ass clown became famous and starting winning Grammies ) and Mr. Lumburg the boss. You have to watch this movie several times to really enjoy it and pick up all the great lines. The movie deserves more attention than it got, but it has a lot of no-name actors in it (except for Jennifer Aniston). A must have for your comedy collection.
1|21541|I am sorry, I tried, I really did, but this movie is incredibly BORING....drags on forever and ever.
5|4651|Great claymation. all three of Wallace and Grommit are good. Wallace is an inventor and Grommit is the human-like dog. Wallace rents a room to a penguin who turns out to be nasty. Grommit catches on and saves the day. Original storyline and even fun for adults to watch.
5|19529|The ghosts were so wicked.
5|10243|This was a good movie about how some women get paid for doing a job as a bartender. There is a good plot for her singing career. She never gave up.
5|4679|i loved this movie it was so cute aww nice little doggy aw aw u are so cute i could jsu hug u u little poochy woochy in the toilet poo poo faRT PEE IN THE TOILET THIS MOVIE KICKED BUT
5|10525|Sweet, original, comical, and it has a lot of heart. I could watch it over and over again.
1|7839|I will say this once.. I HATE HELEN HUNT!
5|6708|This film was made soley for Rita Hayworth. Rita (Gilda) was provocative and seductive like no actress before or since. A must see.
5|24680|i thought it was great. the special effects were good
5|7416|One of my favorite movies of all time. De Nero plays a convincing intimidating dad (wouldn't you be?), and Ben Stiller plays a great goofball who only wants to do the right thing.
5|12332|Wow. In the tradition of Latin American or Guy Ritchie cinema...this movie is one of those films that brings it all together neatly but up until it does you are left waiting breathlessly. Great performances by all, esp. Cheadle, Bullock, Newton and Howard. A real plus to see Bullock be VERY unlikeable. A wonderful film to watch more than once.
1|19948|Terribly over-hyped movie. By the same group who made Super Troopers, this just didn't deliver the same kind of laughs (although, to be fair, I didn't find Super Troopers to be that great, either, though it had its moments). If you were unfortunate enough to see the movie House of The Dead, I think Club Dread was at least partially making fun of this movie. Given, it's supposed to be cheesy and bad, but it wasn't so bad it was funny, it was just bad. It had its moments (I think their version of Pac-Man was pretty interesting, at lest), but they were few and far between. Pretty much a waste of eight bucks.
5|1073|The Coen brothers did it again. Another great movie. The same sort of twisted humor is involved in this as in previous movies, yet it is much different. This movie will keep you locked in the whole time.
1|19784|When you've run out of so many stupid ideas for sequels that you actually have to take a camp killer into outer space, perhaps it's time to end the series.
5|13038| The Godfather was the first film that really portrayed the humanness behind the atrocious behavior of the Mafia. Before this film, the public was always fed the notion that the mob was a faceless, foreign group of monsters since the 1920's. Marlon Brando really fleshed out the character of Don Corleone; he commanded the respect of the people around him as well as the audience: a man who spoke quietly because he didn't need to shout to be heard! Al Pacino handled the part of Micheal Corleone with considerable know-how and his transformation was believable. But it was James CAAN's Sonny that was mesmerizing! Everytime he was on the screen, he left you feeling anxious and breathless because he played the ticking time-bomb so effectively. Everything about this film was sheer perfection from Coppola's direction to the costume design. I think anyone would be hard pressed to name a Mafia film that possesses as much gravity or contributed more to our fairly new found perceptions of Mafia life as this one does.
5|7402|Hilarious antics movie with great characters that seems real. Awesome quick humor.
5|12326|The best movie made in a long time! Harsh reality. The first movie that ever had an effect on my life! I now notice and am aware of the racism around me...even the little comments one hears...i pick up on it. A must see!! I urge everyone to watch it.
1|3493|I tire of these exercises in trying to look as cool as possible. This movie has no backbone and seems like it was just throw together in order to get some cool poster shots and gratuitous nudity. Not that there's anything wrong with gratutious nudity but nothing about this film is done with any hint of style. Rob Coen needs to direct porn films, I'm sure his style would make more sense in that field. Best Scene: the gratutious nudity 
5|16140|I loved Three Kings! I can't stand how people can come to this site and say differently! I am with every one who liked this movie and as for the other peeps who say otherwise you have got some problems!!Mark Wahlberg was outstanding as Troy Barlow and so was George Clooney, and Ice Cube in their roles! I thought that this movie showed a good perspective on how life was in Iraq. I luved it!!!!!! Great Movie!!!!! Great actors!!!!! Great everything!!!!! I luv u Mark!!!!!That is all I'm goin' ta say!!!!!
5|21934|One of the few movies where I actually liked the sequel better than the original. T2 is an extremely well made movie - the special effects, the casting, the background music - everything hangs together to give you a movie which will keep you tense throughout. The chase scene in which the the evil terminator (masterfully played by Robert Patrick), driving an 18 wheeler, is chasing Arnold and the boy on their Harley, is far and away the best chase scene which I have seen. T2 is pure excitement from beginning to end.
5|5573|One for the ages, to be sure! Casablanca is entertainment at its best. The ensemble cast is brilliant, Michael Curtiz's direction is great, Max Steiner's score is forever fixed in our movie conscience, the screenplay is flawless and it is wholey deserving of its praise. Casablanca is one of the greatest movies of all time.
5|13986|This is a fantastic movie. It's entertaining, intellectual, yet fun. It's easy to relate to and the characters are memorable. Robin Williams was great.
5|8057|The best comedy of the year!!! Brilliant! Very hilarious. Casting is great! Rush out and see it!
5|14031|Classic. For some reason ('Can't put my finger on it), F. Murray Abraham as Salieri was phenominal.
5|1715|Great movie
5|6091|I agree with Lily -- the music is awesome -- which is shocking, since I normally hate musicals. But the story is so compelling, it takes you in. Plus it's a fascinating timepiece, without seeming too dated.
5|1926|I think that this was good as far as the thrill and suspense. I give this a 5 because I really think that it was action packed. I thought the movie was really worth seeing.
1|17024|This movie is the equivalent of a soft porno. The end leaves you confused and the lesbian sex makes you queasy. Other than that, the acting was alright, but still didn't makeup for the rest.
5|18838|Great movie. Not a gorefest, but it has its moments. Eerie. Almost surreal.
5|5598|Sacrifice is part of love.
5|264|This is an excellent movie and Mel Gibson's finest. Don't be scared away by the length of the film. It has great action and it flies by. You'll also be amazed by how great the large battles scenes are. They may have a little too much violence for some, but they are truly a tremendous directorial feat. Braveheart is funny at times, but is also has a lot of heart.
1|9633|...and dumber...and dumber...and dumber...and dumber...
1|13524|Most overrated, overhyped piece of boring crap I have ever had the misfortune to TRY and watch. The WORST.
5|19298|It can be so hard to watch such a scary film as this one, and it is so well done.
1|24388|Absolutely a brain-dead movie....who wrote this thing?....get out the tar and feathers.
5|14964|The Patriot is excellent! God bless America. We need to be more patriotic and grateful for people who helped found our country
1|4317|This is a boring, stupid , and easily predictible movie . Probably the worst movie I have ever seen.
5|8902|I enjoyed this movie, it was like a rollercoaster ride, full of expected unexpected things, Brad was funny I cried laughing. Go see SNATCH 
1|4303|Highly predictable. Added nothing to the genre of Screen Animation. Tired old story with tired, old, uninteresting characters. Even Donkey couldn't make this piece of cinamatic tripe worth the money.
5|2585|I love this guy he is so asome this is how batman would be if he was half human and half vanpire.
5|18192|the best of george's living dead series. dispite what some people may think, this movie is brilliant. ok, what would you do if the world was being taken over by zombies? you could either a- hold down the fort or b- get out and go to...the mall. i'd go to the mall, i mean you have everything there, food, guns,a safe place to sleep, friends, and hundreds of push-over zombies that will bring you endless fun taking out. what more could you ask for? i especially like the part when the small town got together and had almost like a festival for killing the undead, and when our zombie in plaid got a little to friendly with a helicopter propeller. endless laughs in this movie and really good characters. this is my favorite out of the series, not really scary at all, but VERY entertaining. i think its an interesting way to tackle a zombies-taking-over-the-world movie, a definate classic.
5|4692|i loved the book when i was little, and the movie really did it justice. all of the kids did a great job acting and really endeared themselves to the audience.
1|23395|The Abyss is where this mess belongs.
5|21075|One of the best documentaries ever made. The footage (split screen) of the performances is incredible, as well as the offstage interviews with musicians and hippies. Boy, I can smell the reefer right now.
5|516|scorstassy hits the spot again(even though I spelled his name wrong). this movie is cool, the gangsters are lovable and hateable. very twisted, I love it
1|15627|You aint neva guna get cold mountain
1|10987|I'm not a Martin Lawrence fan. I've never have been able to get into men pretending to be women or vice versa, regardless of the plot.This movie bombed as a comedy.
5|6085|Great musical movie. I enjoy how the guys can sing and still act macho in the movie. Good acting and funny yet sad movie.
1|11441|The worst movie I have ever seen in my life. I swear to god it made me dumber. After the first 15 minutes me and my friend looked at each other almost on cue and said out loud What the %@#$ I am still in shock that so many people on this website actually like this no-brain garbage.
5|23662|I seen this movie this afternoon. And itr was worth every penny.
5|1932|Hella good movie. Kept me watching, never a dull moment, lots of action!
1|17030|Based on Brett Easton's equally absurd book, this turkey belongs in the elite class of films like Ishtar, Heaven's Gate, Hudson Hawk etc. Granted, it does accurately portray the greedy, power-hungry, self-centered, Stepford Wife mentality of the 80's yuppie, wall street crowd, but everything else is pathetic. Christian Bale was too old for the lead role and his acting was beyond terrible. Willem Dafoe and the great Reese Witherspoon, were wasted in their small roles. The book failed miserably at it's attempt to get real deep and psychological so the movie tries even harder and fails even worse. The did he or didn't he angle was a great idea but neither the author nor the director had the talent to pull it off. Then, to make it even worse, the director tried to make it look 'artsy'...PUH-LEASE !!... I think every copy of this pitiful movie should be burned. What a waste of time and effort.
5|18804|The beginning of the movie looks like another scary-teen movie, but it's not! Very nice act, and very nice plot.
1|9169|Awful
5|16829|i think that the movie is really romantic. and i think that it carries the idea. sometimes person can only achieve happiness when he stops caring about the routine and pay attention to more important things, like love. the idea of the movie is that sara deaver has a mission. every month she starts a new relationship trying to make a person better and after one month she dumps him and lives her own life. keanu tries to hold her forever but he doesnt know her secret. the secret is that she is very sick(cancer) he still wants to be with her and take care of her, cuz he loves her deeply. and she doesnt want him to suffer because of her, she wants him to remember her strong and beautiful. cuz she also loves him madly. so its the story of two people who are so in love with each other that can sacrifice their own happiness for the sake of other. at times the movie is very funny, especially in the beginning when he didnt like her and she was bothering him, so he finally fell. thats how you hit on guys, i told myself. the really strong point is that she made him fall for her without being a whore and seducing him. it happened naturally, and by the end of november sara became nelsons world and he couldnt live without her. i think keanu reeves and charlize theron match together( remember the devils advocate).ok if you are still awake, i would like to say that if you read to this point you are definitely dying of boredom so i just say that i give my strongest recommendations for sweet november. its worthy of watching and writing about. 
1|11469|Jennifer Lopez is a over-rated, self-promoting BITCH. And she sucks.
5|22554|This is the best movie of all time. There was a lot of action. Lots of suspense. I was impressed.
5|13951|A classic among American classics! This frontier story was a masterful portrayal of frontier drama and emotion. One of Costner's best.
1|17018|Gross, sick, disgusting, no purpose and defiantely not worth the money to see or hire. Sure it has the great actor Christian Bale, but it doesn't do anything for the audience. It is also at most points confusing and u get mixed up with what is real and unreal. A bit of weird, gross movie that isn't worth a look. Just read the title American Psycho 
5|23892|Very good movie to see when I seen the first movie I never thougt ther would be a second one.
5|8080|Excellent series with Eddie Murphy is a classic of comedic genius. Remains to this day one of the best comedy series of all time.
5|14958|I watched X-Men before watching Patriot. I think Patriot edges out X-Men. I think Patriot was highly accurate, and I was surprised that it turned out better than I had hoped! I will see it again. I almost cried when I saw Benjamen Martin carrying the flag! 
5|22232|Arnold kicking alien butt!
5|6913|Still the best ever spoof sending up not just all those dire 1970s disaster movies but also 'Saturday Night Fever & old Bogie films. Funniest scene is the one with the blonde stewardess singing with guitar to the ill kid.
5|14780|A feel good film. :) So much better than The Shipping News in my opinion.
5|20425|I think it's so good as the first one. But when you gonna watch Book of Shadows forget the style of the first movie, they are totally different, but of course the mythology about Blair Witch stills the same. Enjoy it! And wait for Blair Witch 3.
5|17289|BEAUTIFUL MOVIE
5|16197|Bill, Scarlett, Bravo!
1|1247|Although I am the biggest John Travolta fan who ever lived, I hated this movie so much! I didn't understand any of it and I thought John's look was a disgrace to the magnificent handsome face God gave him! I only enjoyed ONE part of that movie and that was when he was dancing with Uma. I can't say the acting was bad by any of the actors, but it was the story that was just way beyond my understanding...however I know I am in the minority because of all the people I've ever talked to, they all enjoyed this movie very much!
1|12612|I can't believe they dragged out Krik Douglas' corpse to make a few bucks. Shame on them.
5|11834|Love it!
5|6907|Wonderfully original (for its time) classic. Created the mold for future comedies.
5|22226|Here is a story where you have two USA state governors in the same flick, Arnold Schwartznegger and Jesse Ventura. The boys are on a A-Team in Central America hunting guerillas, and tangle with a ruthless alien that becomes invisible and actually is hunting the A-Team for sport!
1|10005|Terrible Movie
5|23138|i've been watching this movie since i was a kid. i am 22 now and it's still one of my favorites of all time. the soundtrack and costumes of the main characters are really 80's, but everything from the sets and props to the dialogue is so well executed that to me it remains timeless. as well as it's alice-in-wonderland-type theme. where a daydreaming young girl, reluctant to leave her fantasies behind and grow up (a problem i can certainly relate to), learns to accept and appreciate her life and the people in it for the way they are.
5|14794|Sergio Leonne's final, loving ode to the medium he adored is possibly his best. The greatest poets can describe the ineffable through words, but Leonne, the filmmaker, can the describe the indescribable without using words. One of the first scenes, where Noodles (De Niro), as an old man, returns to the bar that was the focal point of so much of his storied life, is a perfect example of this. The camera pans gradually and contemplatively over black and white pictures as Noodles looks agape, lost in his memories. He then slowly walks towards what appears to be an unremarkable closet or storage area, but Noodles, and the film, treats it as if it were hallowed ground. Entering the closet, he gazes through a small opening in the wall and sees the elegant dancing of the girl he used to spy upon as a pubescent boy, now looking mournfully into his lost youth. As I watched, I felt deeply affected, as if the old Italian director had somehow communicated to me what it was like to look back on a lifetime of memories. I was so profoundly moved, and the film had barely even started yet! The movie documents the life of Noodles and his friends, young hoodlums in prohibition-era America, and how they grew from boys to men, and from small-time thieves to established gangsters. An intriguing duality is raised because as the boys grow in their capacity for crime, so too does their sense of loyalty and love towards one another. Through the course of life though (especially one of a criminal), the capacity for loyalty is tested by ambition, and love can stray into the darker shades of obsession. As disarmingly whimsical as the film can often be, it has equal capacity to be extremely grim and disturbing. It's truly a biopic that explores both the very best and the very worst aspects of humanity. Make sure to catch the full, unedited 227 minute version of the film, as though the movie is long, not a second of Leonne's final masterwork is missable. 
1|16474|Romeo and Juilet was a great Shakespere story that people read and loved, but after seeing the film, I have different feeling for the story. If you try and put Leonardo Dicaprio is that kind of role, you know what kind of movie you are going to have.
1|19747|really bad movie! starts cool (wire slicing) but gets worse and less scary every 10 minutes. i would nt recomend it at all!
1|4459|Wow, I am really in a minority here! But I really don't care. I feel this needs to be said. THIS FILM WAS TRASH! I got it for Christmas and only watched it once. This was nothing at all like the cartoon. I can't believe they consider this a children's movie. Scenes of the Grinch eating the top off of a beer bottle, COME ON!! There is no way I can justify anyone allowing a small child to watch this film! As far as I am concerned, Hollywood has once again butchered a classic.
5|13945|This was a beautifully filmed movie. It presented a part of history rarely shown in film, which was great. The rich colors and landscape added so much to the film and how it was received. This film captures the essence of that time period.
5|23886|After talking over this movie with friends, I find that you'll either find this movie kinda strange, or you'll find it with that certain unexplicable-type feeling that only you understand. I find the movie a wonderful conception of a world with a reality twisted only enough to make a difference, but not enough to make a significant leap in viewpoint. The best movie ever made, watch it alone.
5|8094|i've seen this film a ton. a stoner sage of The Dude as played by Jeff Bridges, who is marvelous, at his comedic best. The film is also superbly written by the Coen brothers. The only film of theirs that matches the amount of quotable lines for me is Oh Brother, where art thou. Lebowksi is also superbly acted by John Goodman and Steve Buscemi. people tend to slag of comedy but making people laugh is a hard game. if sublime and dark humor are what you like the movie is for you. if a good Meg Ryan comedy is your game, i'd stay away. It really tied the room together, man.
5|12483|Macho with a soft side, whodunit with a quality story, pathos and some good action scenes, though it's not action the whole way through. Sweet goodytwoshoes lady in Detroit took in numerous foster children through the years but actually adopted four of them that were in unique ways unadoptable/degenerates. Anyway, years later she is shot, prompting her four now adult sons to reunite and seek out the truth about the shooting. Recognized most of the actors, though can't recall names, except Mark Wahlberg (one of brothers) and Terrance Howard (one of cops on case). Motown soundtrack. I think most everyone would enjoy this never boring good-vs-evil redemption movie, though some bad language and a bit of violence and sexual explicitness.
5|18810|I loved this movie and I saw it twice at the theater. I think teens are more into it because they get scared easier. I thought it was so creative with not too much gore, it kind of sent chills down your back..the way scary movies should be!
1|14505|Boring, heartless, mean-sprited and too dark and headachey to be of any entertainment value to any one. Maybe Tom Hanks should consider doing a Bosom Buddies movie or Toy Story 3!!!!
1|12174|This movie was just plain stupid. It was the worst movie I have ever seen. Just plain insipid and moronic. Don't waste your time, People. It's not a good movie.
5|10294|This is probably the first comedy I have seen in theatres this year that was actually worth watching. It was great ! I laughed all the way thru this one. Queen Latifah is exactly as she is called in this movie..she is the one and only COCOA GODDESS. She definately stood out in this movie ! As for Steve Martin, I never loved him or anything, and he is definately showing his age in this one. But regardless, the movie was hilarious and I can't wait to buy it on DVD.
5|19059|What can I say? I loved this movie!
1|16845|This movie did two things really well, it bored me and made me upset I spent the 8 bucks on it. I agree that critics opinions aren't correct a lot of the time, they really nailed this one. It blew.
5|15663|I don't much care for Paltrow, but even she was good in this. A truly beautiful motion picture. Well-written!
5|9605|Yeah, I'm disappointed at how this is so low on the list. This is one of those movies you can watch anytime and always laugh, Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels are so great together and there are so many funny lines and sight gags. Jeff Daniels can make you laugh just looking at his face.
5|13212|Excellent portrayal of a mental asylum and the struggles people face if they are different. Good reading, but quite depressing.
5|1259|Awesome movie, but NOT for the chronologically challenged!!! Pulp Fiction is right up there with Once Upon a Time in America . 
1|20449|masturbate
5|5981|what a classic !!
5|4447|I really think that Nick Parks is a master of masters in the specialized world of puppet animation, and even though he did not personally move the puppets around in this, his first feature film, his eye for detail and his dry Brit humor rings through. I saw a sneak screening and when the movie was over I hid in the bathroom and snuck in with the next audience just to see it again.
5|5759|One of Hitchcock's masterpieces as well as one of the best films of all time! Excellent picture!
5|17712|Like Hitchcock's Psycho,John Carpenter has made a Film High in suspense & a lack of blood that Jason & Freddy Movies thrive on.In this case & the case of many classic Horror Films...Less IS more.
1|1904|John Woo proves once again that he is the worst diector ever. This joke of a movie features a nonsensical story line, highlighted by boring dialogue and awkward action sequences. The only value this movie brought was the knowledge that Nicholas Cage can dodge upwards of 2,000 bullets per second.
1|13097|Where should i begin? This was a terrible movie, everything about it was just plain terrible. The only reason it was as well known as it was is because it was about the Holocaust, it was cheesy and phony, i just didnt enjoy it and i beleive that it shouldnt be considered a great movie. Take from me, dont waste your time with this trash.
5|16418|Excellent movie. The thing that got me hooked was the dreaminess of it. The music flowed. The lighting contrasts were genious. The way the mood changed from being dreamy to eery. Although strange at times, it depicts perfectly how teenagers can feel at times. Sofia Coppola's talent really becomes obvious in this dramatic movie. ..You're a stone fox.. 
5|5995|One of the best of the whodoneits...suitable for any age with Laughton, Power, and Dietrich pulling off great performances and backed up by a great supporting cast and solid writing...see it.
5|11377|Funny movie, you gotta love Jack Black
5|4453|my childhood, and the childhoods of those i know would not be complete without this movie. The cartoon, not the crap Jim Carrey One...
5|17706|scary as hell and always will be scary
5|13560|I was dumbfounded when Annette Benning did not win an Oscar.
5|9177|I thought this movie was intelligent, funny, and I highly recommend it. The story was completely original. When I went to the theater to see it, I had no idea what to expect. I didn't even know who John Malkovich was until I saw his face. When I left the theater, I was shocked at what the movie had ended up being about. It was great. It was a bizarre movie, no doubt, but in a thought provoking way. I don't know how anyone can say that there is poor acting. Did you even recognize Cameron Diaz? I think it is great that she took the role even though she wasn't playing a beauty queen. The whole movie blew me away.
5|8269|I laughed so hard I cried.
5|15111|Highly entertaining, very funny. One of Michael Douglas' best performances, at least since Wall Street. Very well written!
5|6522|This movie has some of the best courtroom-dialogues ever thanks to Colonel Henry Drummond (Tracy) and Colonel Matthew Harrison Brady(March). And I never saw Gene Kelly act this good, he is as sharp as wit in this film. If you are religious this movie may make you think. 
5|13206|great acting, story line, very emotinal. I loved it
5|18353|this is such a crazy movie it scared the freak out of me it is very cool !!!!
5|4335|I love this movie!!! it s fabulous, can t wait for it to come out for sale. everything about it is good - the story, the voices, the soundtrack, the ending, the characters - i love that dragon! and shrek,and everybody else! it s the best animation movie done in the past years. love it!!
5|7614|i just saw this the other night at the bidding of a friend (thanks, liz!) and i loved it. i saw some of the odyssey in it, but as i'm not a high school english teacher, i was able to enjoy it both in spite of, and because of, the mangling of homer's plot. i kinda wish they'd included the parts about calypso and circe, but oh well. i'm also not some smug suburban jerk who feels he has to run out to the local 'record town' and buy an important soundtrack right after he sees an important movie, so my opinion might actually be worth something. the movie was incredibly entertaining, and i have to say that the acting was the best that i've seen in a long while. george clooney really surprised me- i never liked him before this. even john turturro, who used to annoy me as all heroes of ifc do, was freakin amazing. so was tim blake nelson- where did that guy come from? charles durning, steven root... hell of a good cast. i never saw 'the big lebowski' - i thought the cohen brothers had gone too far with 'fargo' but this is a great, great movie. alright, the soundtrack's f'n amazing, too.
5|1265|Tarantino's masterpiece is brilliantly put together. The sheer brilliance of breaking up the story in such a way is completely invonceivable. Samual Jackson gives a great performance and compliments a good cast. This is the original real real ignore the imitators.
5|14541|This is one of my favorite movies of all time...its just the feeling i had while watching it
5|17048|This movie is hard for people to understand the moral is that paradise does not exsit no where u go this movie has a nice storyline and gives out a good vibe.
5|10727|Pure fun! Specially the DVD where we can watch the favorite betty's soap opera.
1|1092|A nasty film by a director whose stock in trade is over the top unpleasantness e.g. The Fury. De Palma has to be one of the worst film makers of all time, right down there with Tarantino and David Lynch. If you want to see how gangster films should be done stick with Coppola and Scorsese.
5|19065|I loved it..plaus Devon Sawa..yummy!
5|16430|The movie was great. The movie is haunting and I can't get the girls out of my mind. I only wish that I had read the book first.
5|5765|Brilliantly written and directed by Joseph Mankiewicz, All About Eve is one of the most intelligent movies ever. It hardly matters that most people probably won't get all the theatrical allusions; I certainly didn't. Read 'All About All About Eve' to really get behind the script. All the performances were superb. In fact, none of the performers were ever as good again, except for Marilyn Monroe, who played a small but delicious part. I particularly liked George Sanders as the supremely cynical Addison De Witt, who was pulling everybody's strings. He deserved his Oscar. It was unfortunate that Bette Davis did not receive the Oscar, but between Anne Baxter, as Eve, and the equally brilliant Gloria Swanson in Sunset Boulevard, the vote split and it went to Billie Holliday (who?). The only drawback in this movie is the last scene in Eve's rooms. It seemed tacked-on like an afterthought, and was not in keeping with the tone of the rest of the movie. 
5|14227|FANTASTIC!! This movie will be used in abnormal psych classes for years to come due to its remarkable portrayal of schizophrenia. This disorder is sorely misunderstood and this movie shows it is not just a skid row problem. Russell Crowe was flawless and Jennifer Connelly earned her Oscar (although I thought her co-star in Requiem for a Dream had an equally compelling performance).
1|5592| 
5|15139|Talk about a movie that absolutely tears your heart out. I was a kid when this movie came out and I didn't know much about divorce because my folks were married, but Kramer vs. Kramer really moved me. The performances across the board were absolutely super. Dustin Hoffman and Meryl Streep were both great, but it was the performance by Justin Henry (he played the kid) that was most impressive. The scenes with him and Hoffman were so memorable, particularly the one towards the end of the movie as they discuss where he will be living. If you haven't seen this film, check it out and be sure that you have some tissues.
5|1517|This was a very likeable buddy movie. The two partners are good foils for each other.
5|6278|This is my favorite movie of all time.How this didn't sweep the Oscars is beyond me.Bogart,Walter Huston, the father of the director and the grandfather of Anjelica, and Tim Holt star.Two disillusioned drifters decide to enlist the aide of a grizzled prospector and search for gold in the Sierra Madres in Mexico.Walter Huston has a forboding speech concerning the evil that gold can do.The men start out on a long and arduous trek into the mountains. All is well until the gold starts piling up.This movie shows the changes that a person undergoes in life.The scene where each man repeatedly goes out into the night to make sure their gold stash is still safe sets the tone for the rest of the movie.They survive banditos,Indians and others looking to take a piece of their action.But can they survive themselves?
5|22781|I watched this movie again a year or so ago and it was still great. By now, everyone has probably seen it, but if you haven't seen it in a while, do yourself a favor and rent it. You won't be disappointed.
5|21288|Really good movie video, gotta love it, the music is great the actors are great and the characters are great how could you say terrible to such a creation.
1|1938|Oh my! People r gonna be sorry i rated this one. Who could actully find this movie entertaining. Theres ass raping on here. thats sick. TO MY FAN: iM SORRY I COULDNT MAKE YOU LAUGH WITH THIS ONE, THIS MOVIES DISGUSTING. LOVE YOU ALL KILLABUDS4EVERY1
5|933|Jaws is a great flim and it's very suspenseful and keeps you on the edge of your seat!! it's one of those thillers that is regretable if you don't call this a true, Classic!!
5|4309|Shrek was an excellent movie. I love these family oriented films that have a really deep meaning. I actually shed a tear during the scene where all the main characters had separated after Shrek thought Fiona didn't really want him and that sad song was playing. They were all thinking about each other and it was just a moving moment for me (I had just broken up with me significant other myself lol). Just a great film, very funny too.
5|20828|Best movie EVER!!! I've seen it nine times and bought the soundtrack its amazing. So is Catherine Zeta-Jones as Velma. She soooo Deserved the Oscar
1|3691|Did not like this movie at all. It's a waste of time.
5|8533|This movie is definately top 10 comedies ever material! The cans! He's got something against these cans! 
1|20307|This was so bad I was cheering the bad guy on. Horrible acting. Does not live up to the original.
5|7600|IT WAS A VERY FUNNY MOVIE,IT DESERVES 5 STARS.
1|19586|I...I just don't understand why anyone would give this over one star. Why people cheered for such an atrocity. Scare factor - 0 Suspence factor - 0 Likeable character factor - 0 bad guy you can at least root for because the charactors and actors all suck so bad and add to the overall poonessity of this peice of teeny bopper bubble gum bullsh*t of a movie factor - 0. Usually if a slasher flick sucks there is at least is a killer to kill off the dorkass teeny kids. In this movie the killer is as big a loser as the kids he's trying to kill! He gets hung up on a fishing net? He kills everyone with such ease but can't even catch Jennifer Love Hewitt on his own friggin boat? AAAAARRRRRGGGGGHHHHH!!!!!! This is complete and utter poo! Where are you Michael Myers? Where did you go Leatherface? Where is Norman Bates? These movies are makeing our horror fans stupid! This is not horror! It is marketing! It is makeing money of the naive and makeing fans out of idiots! But who am I to say. It could be somebodies American Beauty or Exorcist. Anyway, Jennifer Love has definatly mastered the art of the sacred push up bra. Lovely clevage dear. Wish I could say the same for the acting. I'd rather watch teen wolf 2. Maybe. 
1|3849|Bad movie, horrible plot. DMX is one of the cases for why rappers shouldn't attempt to act. Jet Li didn't do some of the wire stuff like in "Romeo Must Die". Just a horribly conceived and carried out plot.
5|1271|This movie was great. It was able to mix drama and comedy in the perfect combination. It was trippy yet kept you thinking. Great acting and story lines. The best part would have to be when John Travolta wears the banana slugs (UCSC) t-shirt.
5|14555|Oh my! I couldn't wait to see this movie and I was not dissappointed! Tom Hanks' character goes through so much and you feel it all with him! The crash scene was spectacular ( Iwas holding my breath), watching him survive in the island was amazing (you feel his lonliness yet will to survuve), and then watching him try to readjust back into a society after being alone for so long was heart-wrenching (post truamatic stress syndrome...). I would see it again! Helen Hunt also does a great job! It was the best movie I have ever seen with such little dialog! Go see it!
5|21505|i was 4 when star wars came out and my parents took me to see it when it came out, i have grown up all my life loving the star wars trilogy I AM A FAN but revenge of the sith is the best star wars movie yet, if even only for the unbelievable effects, which is why everyone in 1977 went to see this unbelivable movie it is the perfect FINAL movie for the perfect BEGINNING. p.s. i love all the star wars movies and i am praying to my yoda god to pls pls pls give us the last three. if you enjoy any star wars movies then you will love this. 
5|2793|bad boysII has non-stop action and comedy now how is the first better then that.
1|24834|Head for the bomb shelter, Martha--they've dropped the big stink bomb!
1|13040|to much drama 
5|5942|Dear 'Gone Away'.....Why dont people like you get your facts right when it comes to great movies like this. It was NOT Myrna Loy it was Gloria Swanson ! This is pur 'film noir' and a classic and anybody who doesn't appreciate the great quoted one-liners like 'I am big, its the pictures that got small !' is NOT a real movie buff. One of then all time great films with Hollywood poking fun of itself! A true classic 
1|10549|You've got a baby? In a bar??? You've got Reese Witherspoon? In a movie??? 
5|23474|VERY good movie! Scary, funny and dramatic!
1|17232|You are joking right?What kind of people watch this nonsense?How do movies like this get the $20,000 that it cost to make?
5|7199|If you don't like this movie, what's stuck up your a**. John Belushi at his best.
1|11643|Rarely have I seen a film that was more boring or held my interest less than this poor excuse for a romantic comedy. It certainly did not even begin to utilize the abilities or approach the usual standards of the cast involved. The most glaringly apparent problem was the misuse of the considerable comedic talents of Billy Crystal. He barely had anything to do or say and what he did say was far below par on the humor/wit/taste scale. In particular, the scene with the dog had the distinction of sinking even below the standards of a junior high school boy s locker room. Julia Roberts, cast as Catherine Zeta-Jone s mistreated sister/personal assistant, did manage not to scream and giggle every ten minutes, had a few good lines but her overall character was poorly written and pretty unbelievable. After seeing even a small bit of the insulting treatment she continuously receives from her completely self-centered movie star sister you can t imagine what would have kept her from smacking her silly long before this point in their lives. So, it made no sense that this woman would suddenly grow teeth and fight back after an apparent lifetime of accepting abuse simply because she was now involved with her sister s ex (John Cusack). Overall, I m not sure what portion of this movie made it not work most poor writing, directing, or just an unfocused murky concept. But one thing I do know, considering the many past successes, efforts, and combined talents of the cast I give them little, if any, of the blame for the failure of this film. They simply had very little with which to work.
5|714|This movie is very thrilling! It keeps you in suspense throughout! Highly recommended, especially for people who love the original series.
5|5956|Not a frame or a line too many. A classic how-to-make-a-comedy script, regarding a silly premise, perfect casting, great editing in the hands of a master comedy director. 
5|21277|Viva Las Vegas is the greatest! OK Elvis movies tend not to be great pieces of art, but the dude exudes charisma. The great thing about VIVA is that Ann Margaret is almost able to upstage The King. I didn't think it was possible -- but check her out as she duets The Lady Loves Me... But She Doesn't Know It Yet. It's just classic. Ann Margaret forever!!
5|4490|Now this is a movie. A young boy named Bastian, being chased by bullies hides in a book store, there he discovers a magical book called The Neverending Story. Bastian takes the book and hides in his schools attic and begins to read it. You experience the story along with him. There is too much to mention. A princess, a luck dragon, a giant turtle named Morla and that's just the begining. A great story with a wonderful ending, very imaginative. Kids and adults of all ages will like this movie even the music is enjoyable. Great special effects and costumes.
5|2787|I loved this movie!!! I will definetly go see it again. When I left the theatre I wanted to go sign up for some martial art classes!!! They could not have picked a better cast!!! I want to be an ANGEL!!!!
5|11|no one does it better than speilberg(plus i just felt like raising the rating.)
5|7827|I wouldn't have called it a comedy, but I loved it...
5|23306|This was the best Star Trek movie of all time. It had a good storyline about the Borg and the acting was terrific. There was a lot of good action and exciting sequences. It was good not only to Star Trek fans but also to the average movie goer.
5|22018|Hi my name is laurie I never seen this movie could some one private message me and tell me if I should see this movie my favirote movie is Halloween thank you
1|16892|Eminem is a poseur who would be slicing meat at a deli if it weren't for Dr. Dre. A lesser-talented white artist propped up by the media to sell records and lame-ass predictable movies. Don't you know when you've been sold a bill of goods?
5|21539|Great begining to a trilogy, barlog was very cool!
5|20627|Absolutely loved this film and can watch it over and over again and not get bored. The characters are all so fun, and the music is great! A lot of memoriable scenes from this film (the Grease Lightning scene). If you haven't seen it, I highly reccomend you do as it is a classic.
5|39|One of the best ever. Perfectly cast, awesome music, and puts most other action/adventure movies to shame.
1|19551|ehhhhh...just not worth it
5|15844|This film requires concentration, serious concentration. The links between characters aren't only of their lives intertwining, its also down to their emotions, wants and needs - the two characters who are dying both cheated on their wives and have serious regrets. The two child genius', you get to see what happened to one of them, with being washed up, sees himself as dumb and robbed of his childhood and the ability to show love and you wonder if that will happen to the current child genius. Their lives do intertwin, in more than one way. You just have to be patient and look at it with an open mind. With the scenes where you can't hear the dialogue because the music is too loud - I think this was done on purpose as you don't really need to hear what the characters are saying to understand what is going on. And with the characters singing the same song?, that song is expressing how desperate and low they feel. This is a magnificent film and its something I can watch again and again as I pick up something new from it every single time and its just simply beautiful. 
1|10213|Ugly is right. Don't get me wrong, the women are attractive, but it's just a dull movie that doesn't know comedy. Take a tip from Frasier , The Emperor's New Groove , or Kung Pow and then we'll talk.
5|9822|This is a really fun movie. The premise of a high school kid being left in charge of the house is good to begin with and then the movie delivers above and beyond what is promised.
5|22030|I have always been a fan of the Alien saga and the second movie is simply wonderful. I was captivated by the first one and simply stunned by the second. I usually despise sequels, but this movie drew me in and held me tight to the very end. Its my favorite, anyway. The traditional look of the aliens is held tightly throughout the movie and the new cast was wonderfully selected. I was also glad to know they kept the character Ripley, who single handedly gave the move a kick butt feel. Especially at the end, which I wont spoil for all who havent seen the movie. Anyway, this is most definitely a head turner that should appeal to any fan of the first movie, or to anyone who can truly appreciate a good thrill ride of a motion picture.
1|3120|This is a disgrace to every British sailor that risked his life to obtain the German enigma and its code book.
5|8282|This movie is hilarious. It is funny and touching without being sappy. The characters are larger-than-life, but still believable. Contains one of the funniest scenes I have seen.
5|20141|Talk about creative, It's like the old late afternoon/dark games of hide and seek we used to play. It's not what happens, but what could,.....
5|10096|Extremely funny. Great acting, great script. I work in a video store and everyone loved it.
5|20155|I watched that and it is so scary!!!!!
5|728|It's probably a little too long, but Daniel Day Lewis does a good job as a backwoodsman in the French and Indian War in North America (1754-1763).
5|8296|I loved Dogma's plot and the acting and all the characters were great. Kevin Smith is a really funny guy.
5|22742|A bit twisted compared to the comics, but who wouldn't love superhero stories?
5|24333|Great film that tosses reality out of the window with style. The concept is superb and unique, bringing together lots of characters from victorian novels. There's some good touches of humor, great special effects and inspired action sequences. Acting is good all the way around too. Can't wait for the sequel.
1|5223|Mindless crap
5|9836|such a great movie about true friendship. I can never get tired of this movie- it is so funny and so 90's- You'll love it! the acting is surprising good and not a bad story line either. Can't wait for my 10 year reunion in 10 years to pull the i invented the post-it line- we'll see who falls for it
5|22024|My fave of the series. I saw the 1st alone in a nearly empty theater, the last showing of the night...boy did I have trouble falling asleep after that. To me it was therapeutic to see Ripley climb back on the horse, suck it up, and show who was boss. Get away from her, you bee-otch was classic.
1|23815|I saw this movie in the theater and it really stinks. My suit for my money back is still pending!
5|20633|Wow, what an amazing album! So many great songs!
5|4255|It is excellent animation and a good story. It's probably one of the first movies I would show to my kids. Walt Disney and his crew were wonderful and this is definitely one of his masterpieces.
5|20974|This movie is great. It's a total classic! It has a great story and a fantastic soundtrack. The acting is good and the relationships are interesting.
5|18233|this movie was great! i am a huge fan of the evil dead trilogy, and this is one of my favorites. just like army of darkness, is your looking to be scared, this is not the movie to watch, this movie is hilarious.bruce campbell does it again with his great one liners and great acting. bruce campbell is my hero. bruce campbell is back at the cabin this time with his girlfriend. he dicovers a tape player, plays it and the adventure begins. yet another perfect blend of horror and comedy. sam raimi is a genius. i highly reccomend that you see this movie, a guarunteed laugh riot! gotcha you little sucker 
5|14409|This is really a good movie. I'm usually not that big on movies that aren't funny, but this really is entertaining. I'm glad TBS shows it all the time!
5|7984|I thought this movie was really good. Robin Williams does a great job and I like how it really has a point and purpose other than just having the cast act like idiots the whole movie. It's definitely worth seeing.
5|13366|Not just Tom Hanks' best movie of all time... THE best movie of all time. It has every single thing you could possibly hope for in a movie. Tom Hanks is one of the best actors of all time.
5|9771|You have to appreciate this if you claim to like standup comedy. Language is rough, but this isnt supposed to be for kids. These men give insight into being black in America, and make you laugh while doing it.
5|15717|I've seen this movie three times and will see it again. It's one of the best modern movies I've ever seen. It's a rather long movie, but you won't care Michael Mann manages to hold your attention. It has a superb cast with Russell Crowe, Al Pacino and Christopher Plummer. The movie is about Dr Jeffrey Wigand and the controversial 60 minutes episode regarding the tobacco industry. Pacino is terrific as Lowell Bergman, the 60 minutes producer and Plummer is outstanding as Mike Wallace. The movie is edgy, tense and powerful.
1|11938|Tom Hank's worst!
5|13400|I remember I saw this movie when I was younger, and though I didn't understand it very well, I loved it anyway. Forrest Gump is one of the most brilliant movies made so far. Tom Hanks worked his best at being Forrest. God, I just love that guy! Anyway, back to the movie. It's a very original and sentimental movie. Don't know how anyone wouldn't like it. That's all I have to say about that... 
5|18555|Fantastic!!! Wonderful story and terrific acting!
5|17666|The Orpheus legend updated to post-war Paris.The poet's entrancement with an enigmatic,irresistibly sensuous Princess of Death leads him through the mirror to an eerie,unforgettable Otherworld.A truly unique fantasy,landscaped with leather-clad bikers,street cafes,mysterious buildings,bizarre coded messages,vengeful feminists and almost fetishist clothing-helped along by negative images,reverse slow-motion and a feast of imaginative visual effects.One famous critic left the cinema quivering with excitement !
5|10109|Wonderful. I loved the extension and development of the Priest/Rabbi jokes. Great acting from Edward Norton, Ben Stiller, and Jenna Elfman.
5|11217|Kate Hudson is VERY FUNNY i LIKED IT i REALLY THOUGHT IT WAS FUNNY.
5|4533|Most Pixar films are for the most part for the entire family and the Incredibles nail the mark. Every member of the family can enjoy this and it presents super heroes with out making a mockery of them. The movie never really slow down and continues to entertain right to the end. A must see!!
5|16578|This movie made me go awwwwww!!!! I love those sweetheart movies! It was so beautifully done, and the NYC/SF setting was so romantic, and both Cusak and Beckinsale were incredible! I laughed so hard at that guy who worked at Bloomingdales, and at Molly Shannon's character....oh yeah and at that little kid in the devil costume in the elevator trying to disrupt fate! Oh, you've gotta see it for yourself! WHAT A SWEET MOVIE!!!! :)
5|19887|James Woods stars in this movie about a group of vampire killers sent out by the Catholic Church.This movie features great action scenes and a wonderful performance by Thomas Ian Griffith as the head vampire.This is one of the best non-Dracula movies ever made.If you're looking for a good scary vampire movie check this one out!
5|15065|This is probably one of the most compelling dramas that I have watched in my lifetime. Everything about the movie seemed to be up to the par: the acting, the script, the dialogue, the directing and the musical score. Critics of this film like to pander on the fact that it is not entirely accurate. Well, no, it is not. But then again, neither was the Warren Report that concluded that Oswald acted alone in the assassination, despite the fact that a Congressional Investigation in the late 70s suspected otherwise, stating that John F. Kennedy was probably killed by a conspiracy. Even if you are one of those who believe the findings of the Warren Commission, I would hope that you would recognize this film's greatness. Kevin Costner's final speech to the jury towards the end of the movie was simple, to the point, and one of the best that I have seen (better than Nicholson's in A Few Good Men .). JFK is made up of an all-star cast with Kevin Bacon, Kevin Costner, Tommy Lee Joens, Joe Pesci and Gary Oldman all at their best. This movie is merely that, a movie. It is not meant to be based on facts, but meant to reflect the opinions of Oliver Stone, Jim Garrison and others. I don't believe some of the things suggested in this film (LBJ's complicity among them), but I still think that it was a very well done fllm. It is a very important film because it is the first Hollywood filmt to at least explore the possibility of a conspiracy in the Kennedy death, and despite many of the film's factual errors, many of its points cannot be denied (i.e. The Warren Commission was a very sloppy investigation). John Williams' score for this film is perfectly suited, and his apparent passion for Kennedy and his assassination is very obvious. The score for JFK made the movie even more compelling, espescially in the beginning when switching from a somewhat Cassandra-like theme to a drum roll, implying a military connection. The film is an investigation into the human spirit and how the vigour and dedication of one man and his team of associates can rise above the highest powers in order to discover the truth about one of the most controversial and historically important events ever. I reccomend this to anyone who is interested in the Kennedy assassination, or anyone who is in the mood for a thought-compelling drama.
1|20529|THEY SUCK, and MIC's got a BIG mouth. GREAT FOR COCK SUCKING.....
5|22811|If you have to take your kids to see a hyped up movie, this is what you want to see. Delightful!
5|6330|One of my personal favorites. Steve Mcqueen is a god!! The acting is great, the story is great, and the music is great.Everything is fantastic! It's filled with action and has a cool motorcycle chase scene. What else do you need?
5|13414|I loved how cute Tom Hanks was in this movie. It was a cute movie. It had funny people in it, which made me laugh very hard. Great movie, very original.
1|11092|Worst movie I have ever seen. If you find yeast infections, vulgar language and men nursing off a stranger entertaining, you will love it.
5|1339|Reservoir Dogs is my favorite movie and Tarantino's best film. Great crime film.
5|7748|THE cult film of the 1960's. Aside from being amazingly funny it was also a well deserved jab at right wing hawks and the military stupidity of the times. Peter Sellers was beyond excellent and nothing said over zealous droid like Slim Pickins' character as he happily rides the bomb to his death. Yeeeehawwwwww! Gotta love it!
5|19139|I love this movie. It wasn't really horror, more like action. It made me wanna be a vampire.
5|20960|the movie was brilliant i've watched it 1000 times.
5|4241|This movie is a must see if you want to laugh until you cry. Something for everyone is the best way to describe the film. You have Manny the mammoth and even though he pretends not to care, he has a heart of gold. There is Sid the sloth, he talks a mile a minute and he always says the wrong thing at the wrong time. There is Diego the sabertooth who only wants revenge on the humans. You have the adorable little baby who adapts to being cared for by the animals and of course Scrat, a bug-eyed little thing,that can't live without his acorn. Go ahead take the family to see this one you'll laugh all the way home. 
5|18227|Scary!!!
5|2630|Lopez is a great actress. The special effects were amazing. I really got into the story plot.
5|14435|This has been one of my favorite movies since it came out. It's great...this movie has it all; love, greed, violence. The characters in this movie make it great, as well as the actors that portray them. Sharon Stone's performance is the best I've ever seen by a female actor. You also have to love the time setting of the movie, the '70s and '80s clothing, cars, and houses. Every moment of this movie was entertaining, and you truly cared about what happened to the characters.
5|8453|Very funny. One of few sequels that's just about as good as the original.
1|20267|This movie sucked! I don't recommend it at all. First of all, it is sooo fake...I mean this stuff is soo unreal its not funny. Yea, there are times where you will jump or be scared, but I'd hardly call it a horror movie. More like WIERD!
5|7760|Adam Sandler's best movie. It's especially funny for any former football or baseball player who's taken up golf as a weekend hobby. doin the bull dance... feelin the flow
5|22187|It was like watching a comic book come to life. Amazing story with great action while being philosophical at the same time.
5|4269|The first Disney animated movie, and among the best.
1|22470|Little screen material.
5|10653|Can you say EXCELLENT? This movie was so hilarious. A definate classic in the arena of comedy movies. Jason Lee and Shannen Doughtery were wonderful in this movie. Kevin Smith is just totally awesome.
5|18569|I had nightmares for several nights. I was the same age as the girl in the movie when I first saw it.
5|5611|This is one my favorites too. Fascinating story, great cast, and its still fresh and interesting. A must see for everyone.
5|10135|The movie had an interesting plot about how they were always winning and ended up losing to the rival. The movie has a good ending.
5|17882|one of the top horror movies of all time.i was scared to death after watching it when i was a kid. her head spinning around freaks you out
5|853|In this very well written and acted movie, you get emotionally drawn into the script. Each moment of horror has meaning other than just for increasing the body count. The movie has enough twists and turns to keep you entertained, and just when you think you have it figured out, there's more than meets the eye...literally.
5|16544|I love St. Elmo's Fire b/c it is a typical '80s movie & I love the music/movies from that time.
1|24767|Home dentistry is more fun than this piece of crap.
5|3260|This is my favorite movie of all time. It stars Mel Gibson and Julia Roberts, 2 of the top stars in movie history, both in possibly their best roles ever. Mel Gibson is fabulous is a conspiracy nut who gets a bit to close to the truth and Julia Roberts is the D.A. that gets a little to close to Mel. Patrick Stewart is also superb as the evil psychiatrist . This is definitely a must see. It is rated R, but easily could have passed for PG, considering there is no sexuality, minor profanity (approx. 25 profane words ) and mid amounts of violence, non of it is gory however. I would recommend this to anyone.
5|6318|Love this movie. I agree with Zarbon, black/white version is better than color. A great classic.
5|22839|Excellent movie!! I normally can't sit through a movie that long but the time just flew by with this movie - it was great!!
5|14353|I would recommend this movie! It almost made me cry at the end!
5|12736|Great movie. Go see it.
5|7012|i have seen this film a million times, amazing how I still get a laugh out of it every time. Broadrick was excellent in this film, and the way the over all plot came together was simply perfect. My favorite scene is when Cameron calls the principal pretending to be Slone's father. The principal tells him off, thinking it is Ferris Buler. Ferris Buler calls on the other line, and watch the fur fly!
5|13428|I thought this was a great movie. Tom Hanks did a good job in the movie. This movie was very entertaining. It was funny as well as dramatic.
5|14347|This was an amazing film. I thought that the cinematography was fantastic, and all though it was quite graphic, the reality of it was very raw and drew me in. It is emotional and depressing, but enthralling and very well done. It is most definatley a movie that you need to watch closely and pay attention to- it is deep and detailed. 5 stars without a doubt.
5|5605|Humphrey Bogart is too cool.
5|847|Really good screenplay. It should have gotten an award.
5|3274|The movie was really action packed. Tom Cruise was a good actor. The special effects were cool. The plot was good. The ending was great.
5|14421| Far From Heaven uses superb craftmanship to make this film look and feel like a film from the 1950s. It plays like a powerful 1957 drama we've somehow never seen before. One detail is particularly true to the time: interracial love and homosexual love are treated as being on different moral planes. Contemporary movies take so many subjects for granted that they never really look at them. Director Todd Haynes, by stepping back in time is able to bring these issues into focus. Cinematographer, Ed Lachman faithfully reproduces the lush 1950s studio style and every shot has the studied artiface of 1950s set decoration . The musical score, by Elmer Bernstein, is true to the time, with its underlining points and its punching-up emotions.I don't wish to give a synopsis of the movie's scenes except to say it is packed with power, incredible acting, and images that hit home. I had to find it showing in an art theatre as it never made major marquees. Catch if you can!!
5|12050|This was so funny! Sure maybe a little sick at times, but I still love it!
5|8447|this WAS better than the first one... Why? Better characters. Yeah some of the old jokes but new ones! Great for high school and college guys! girl too!
5|9981|This was another laugh your butt off comedy! I guess maybe I am in love with comedy movies.
5|22193|Great special effects. Terrific storyline, action, actors blended perfectly together. Really can't wait until part two. The music in it was awesome/
5|22178|A really awesome movie. The storyline was very spiritual, it made people think even though they didn't know they were thinking.
5|23266|The Rosetta Stone of Sci Fi features and TV. Birthplace of Captain Kirk's character, the transporter effect, Robbie the Robot, the quintessential sci fi soundtrack etc etc. Fabulous sets, production design, and effects (Killer pre-CGI but as yet unsurpassed). And a great script, based loosely on Shakespeare's The Tempest. Buy, don't rent. You'll wanta see this one more than once.
5|6481|hey guys, comment on this movie! it's great! Top 15 Hitchcocks!
5|112|Truly one of the best horror movies of all time.
5|10874|One of the best movies I ever saw. I think it's so much as the atmosphere that I liked. Very funny, a lot of memorable quotes like every movie should have, and lovable characters, (Brick: I would like to extend to you, an invitation to...to the pants party..) Will Ferrell fits Ron Burgundy PERFECTLY and it gave a warm delight when surprise guests appeared (Owen Wilson, Vince Vaughn, Ben Stiller [Como estan bietches?!]) 5 STARS! 
1|23791|Right down there with Battlefield Earth. This is a terrible movie and I've written numerous reviews on it... I won't get into it now - there's simply too much to talk about. I'm surprised that so many people can't see how stupid this movie is.
5|4296|I've always loved watching this one. Until recently I didn't realize how old some of these Disney movies are- Peter Pan came out in 1953! The animation quality is amazing and it's crazy to think that it was made 50 years ago without computers or anything. Other things I've noticed are that the same voice actor does the voices for Captain Hook and Mr. Darling and that when Wendy, Michael and John are thinking of merry little thoughts during their flight training, they mention mermaid lagoons, pirate ships, and Indians, I believe- all of which are in Neverland. So I suppose they kind of created Neverland to be what it was. Great movie (if you can get past that If There's A Star in Your Heart song that plays at the beginning credits that never ceases to disgust me) with a great message. It's got action, humor, everything.
5|5836|A lot of people will tell you this is the greatest movie ever made -- for once they're right. I won't attempt to dissect the film, others have done that far better than I could. I will only state that it is a great story that could not have been told in a more brilliant or insightful manner. Some people will see this and simply not understand it. For them, I truly feel sorry. This is a masterpiece.
5|18596|Greatest movie ever made. The amount of gore literally knocked me off my seat when i first watched it. I then proceded to watch it again. Rated NC-17 for it extreme violence and gore. Barely any movies get that rating for violence.
1|11723|A View From The Top is possibly the biggest waste of a cast in the history of the film industry. Gwenyth Paltrow, Christina Applegate, Rob Lowe, Mike Myers, and Candice Bergen form out possibly the best, yet somehow the worst cast in film history. It just doesn't work. Paltrow and Applegate occasionally have chemistry, but that isn't enough to make up for the fact that the characters are one-dimensional cartoons living in another world. Mike Myers and Rob Lowe give cameo performances, while Candice Bergen shouldn't have anything to do with this.
5|1488|This is a great one. Especially when that guy takes the heart out of the sacrificed individual.
5|12911|Tim Robbins is my hero. This movie rocks.
1|10429|I can t tell you what most women want because to be frank I don t give a flying fig. But speaking as a woman, I could have done without this farce. Considering his past success in the Lethal Weapon films, I will say that I feel Mel Gibson has more than proven he can be halfway decent at madcap, insane comedy. However, he needs to realize that his ability to act nuts-o extremely well does not a leading man in light romantic comedy make. This movie made it glaringly apparent that he was never meant to follow in the footsteps of Fred Astaire, Cary Grant, or Gene Kelly. He is, for the most part, an action figure with acting ability who has managed to make some admirable hits within a sea of okay films. If what he has done best so far in his career can be compared to bygone film styles I would say that his forte has been the sweeping epic (Braveheart, the Patriot). What Women Want was almost painful to watch as he clumped his way through this silly, clumsily written game of gender self awareness. Helen Hunt on the other hand after years in fluffy TV sitcom and an acting range that apparently exceeds Gibson s by about 50% seemed more up to the job. But even she couldn t save this pathetic ship full of holes (a few of her lines were actually embarrassingly stupid). Not even semi-funny cameos by the likes of Bette Midler were of much help to this albatross. After forcing myself to stay awake I flipped off the recorder once again thankful I had rented the DVD rather than having paid theater admission and even more glad that I d gotten a special discount rate for signing up with a new video store. Don t waste your time unless you re a major Gibson fan it may be the only way you won t notice the smell.
5|5822|Very thought provoking and easy to see why it has been rated 1 by the AFI.
5|2195|A great achievement. I know some people criticize it for deviating from the book, but I don't know one movie that doesn't. I thought they caught the spirit of Dumas' book eloquently.
5|660|One of the best movies about the Viet Nam war, it was also a great look into what it it like to be A U.S. Marine and all the honour attached to it. 
5|21465|Star Wars is far and away the best Science Fiction movie, no other movies can compare to the ultimate.
5|4282|What a great movie! The cast and all the dalmatians were superb.
5|23272|one of my favorites. inspirational, really. makes you stop and think about your place in our vast universe. jodie foster delivers yet another great performance.
5|7953|This is my fav movie. Bill Murray's best role I belive. His Transision from being a stressed out reporter to a man at his full potential, And in the end he gets his girl, I watch this movie like an addiction and of course I watch it on Groundhogs Day. Don't Drive Angery -Bill Murray 
5|6495|buster keaton is one of my favorite actors of all time hes great.
5|10690|Hmm.. What can I say... Adam Sandler...comedy movie with a great story... AMAZING!!!!! This movie is a VERY good comedy for the whole family and Adam Sandler makes even better. 
5|20753|Dammit but I love this movie. This classic stage-to screen flick starting the casted-to-perfection Tim Curry as Dr. Frank N. Furter is absolutely fabulous. Being as odd and eccentric as it is, it may not be for everyone, but those with a taste for dark comedy and the macabre will delight in this story of two innocent young lovebirds (again, inspired casting of Susan Sarandon and Barry Bostwick as Janet and Brad, respectively) who, on a dark rainy night, break down and stumble upon a castle out in the middle of nowhere. As they go in to use the phone, they find themselves in the middle of a celebration for the aformention Dr. and his unveiling of Rocky, the 'perfect' man that he created. The movie just gets weirder and weirder as we find the doctor is a (sweet) transvestite with a bit of a temper. All the while, the cast sings a variety of classic songs such as sweet transvestite , dammit, Janet time warp , etc. I would recommend this cult classic as highly as one can. Watch and enjoy. I know you shiver with antici.....pation.
1|12570|sucks
5|2803|I was on the edge of my seat great movie
5|9956|Great spoof of all the scary movies. Just silly stuff to make you laugh. Love all the goofy things. The stereotypes, just good old trash talking humor.
1|11079|I was watching this movie at home. It was recommended to me so I gave it a chance. I think it is the most horrible, tasteless movie I have seen in a long time. The humour was just way over the top and it just left me with a sick feeling inside. I had to stop watching it once I realized it just wasn't getting any better. I consider myself to have a good sense of humour but this movie is just wrong. Now that we have gone this far in movies, it's hard to go back to anything that is pure and good. It's all about one shocking extreme to the next. I hate to see what it store for our next generation of movie goers. I don't recommend this movie.
5|24535|I absolutely love this film. There are only about 20 movies in my collection that I watch over and over, and this is one of them. I like the ambience/atmosphere/sense of place that the makers of this film have created for both Earth and for Mars. Okay, some of the science in the film is wrong, but who cares? If you want science, don't look at sci-fi movies, because there is little there. You think there is actual physics in a transporter beam? Ha! I like the interaction of the characters in MTM, and there is a very sweet romantic relationship between a married couple. There is also an interesting character who has lost his wife. The only thing that irritates me about the movie is that whoever did the make-up was too heavy-handed with the eye make-up in certain scenes.
5|13399|I think I have heard this moving quoted more times then any other movie since it's making. And I still laugh at it! The movie is one of those icons that will never die. Tom Hanks performance was incredible, as was Robin Wright. I don't think that he will ever have matching talent for a movie again, or not so far he hasn't. Wonderful movie!! Run, Forest, Run!!!! 
5|24253|One of the very best science fiction horror films ever made. David Cronenbergs seminal film, deals with television addiction and hallucination. James Woods is the lead actor. Very tough film, with superb special effects by Rick Bakers crew married to a rich script written by Cronenberg. A must see film. 
5|17841|OMG!!! Jack Here's Johnny Nicholson is awesome in this. I saw this when I was about 13 and I was very scared, especially since I lived in Denver then. I can not watch this film alone cause I get scared! The only thing that I regret to say in about the movie is that it is not a lot like the Stephen King novel. I had once read an article about King and he was very disappointed w/ the movie because it was so unlike his book. But.. it was a great movie anyway!
5|890|This movie was very good because it was like a mystery. It made you want to watch it over and over again. Great acting.
1|8101|Terrible movie that deserves no awards.
1|12216|The best I can figure out for this barrel of offal is that the Wayans brothers wanted a vehicle to poke fun at white people's sensitilities and to play off against various stereotypes. This is strictly fare for morons and cretins; but hey, they need their entertainment also!
1|15579|This movie was too long and too predictable. It relied too much upon the star quality of its male lead to sell tickets. It's hard to make a movie about a historical event and make it not predicable, but we all know that in the end the ship sinks. Also, if you watched the previews, you already knew everything that happens. Very disappointing, long and boring movie. I fell asleep during it.
5|17855|This is a great movie. I consider it a classic. Trippy special effects. Scared the hell outta me, couldn't sleep for awhile, especially in the dark.
5|884|The little boy is a great actor. It is a long film. Bruce Willis did a good job, and he gets better with age.
5|20021|Best Friday the 13th movie. Jason dies and still manages to frighten the audience. This is a good conclusion to the series.
5|24247|This movie was the best movie that I've seen this year. I was on the edge of my seat for the whole movie. I loved the way they incorporated the humour and action. The acting was great, the special effects were beyond belief. I don't know what people are thinking when they say this movie is boring. I can name boring movies, and this was not one. DO YOU EVEN WATCH THE MOVIE? The directing was superb and they picked the perfect actors to portray the roles. Jessica Alba was fantastic playing The Invisible Women. And I really liked the Human Torch, wow what a funny guy. Michael Chickless did a superb job, and I've got to hand it to them for not using a lot of CGI to do the Thing. It was perfect. The person who played Doom was great. When I hate a villain so much that I want to get rid of him, the actor did a great job. And last buy not least Mr. Fantastic. He was great too. Like I said, perfect actors for the perfect roles. My favorite scene was the battle between Dr. Doom and the Fantastic 4. Doom sure thought a lot of himself. Do you think you can get rid of the Fantastic 4 that easy? Boring is not the word to describe this movie, the word is FANTASTIC! This movie goes right beside Spiderman and X-Men. I am definately buying this movie the day it comes out on DVD. Heck I may watch it again in theaters. PS: Critics are dumb, I don't think they know a good movie when they see it. Watch this movie, you won't be disappointed. Trust me. 
5|14384|One of the best movies of all time- great acting and music- Lukas is at his best- I wish he made movies like this.
5|8484|Definitely one of the best comedies of all time. Sure it might be a little overplayed by the public but how can you beat Mini-me??
1|3726|This movie was horrible. TCB, man...takin' care of bul**hit in a flash. Kevin Costner was atrocious(even for him). The writing was abysmal. Russel kind of looked like he'd rather be anywhere else than on this set. Awful movie.
5|24521|PLEASE don't ask me why I love this movie so much (after close to 120 viewings, you'd think I'd be ready to pitch it through a window!). All I know is that after checking most everything out there, THE ICE PIRATES stands up as the Mack Daddy King Mamma-Jamma of "good bad" films. It doesn't look like anything else before or after it, with herky-jerky effects, wide-ranging sets, and weirdly-lit camera work. The acting ranges from lukewarm obvious to inspired silliness (coming from a slightly-askew cast that includes Bob Urich, Ron Perlman, and Anjelica Huston). One of the few Mary Crosby vehicles out there, as well (I've always had an unhealthy obsession with Ms. Crosby; might be the hair, the crooked smile, the uneven eyes, etc.). Great supporting players in John Matuszak (who holds the honor of being in more "good bad" movies than anyone else), SEINFELD bit-character Michael D. Roberts, and the ever-annoying (but fairly funny here) Bruce Vilanch. The plot.....well, it's a basic damsel-in-distress scenario with too many continuity holes to plug in a 5000-word space. Suffice to say, it's nothing that'll bring little gold statues to one's trophy case; what it will bring is a harmless smirk to your face that lasts an hour-and-a-half. Abominable ambrosia.
5|20747|Fantastic. I'm a huge fan and I love every song in the movie.
5|21459|This is on my Top 10 list.
1|8673|One of the saddest wastes of cinema that is out there. Its hard to imagine that creative, well-acted, upbeat movies like Star Trek: Nemesis, Star Wars: Attack of the Clones, Pokemon 4Ever, Daddy Day Care, and Down with Love get bad reviews from critics and bad mouthed by most other teens. First of all, the plot is patently offensive. A group of high school teens vowing to lose their virginity by prom night? It would be good if they were rejected and realized that they had to treat women with respect, but that doesn't happen. Instead, sex is treated just like it is any other need--such as air. Shockingly, the women in this movie are just as perverted as the males! And, you think that makes this movie filled the gills with bad role models--stand by for more! For example, an extremely mean-hearted prank is played on someone causing them to have...stomach problems. Are the people who do this punished? No. Of course, profanity rules the day in this movie that had to be cut multiple times from being NC-17. In the end, the males aren't taught a lesson or thrown in jail and the females don't go seeking gentlemen. Thus, this movie is a complete waste of time--full of NO humor, NO positive role models, NO one on the side of good, NOTHING.
5|2817|James Bond is just tight! All of the Bond movies are dope! The greatest secret agent since Inspector Gadget. I love all of the gadgets and cool cars.
1|23236|crap
5|4731|I really liked this movie. Frankie Muniz is, in my opinion, a great young actor. The dog was also impossible to not love. :)
5|1649|If any film can be credited with bringing back the magic and mysticism of the motion picture within the last few years, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is it. It is very beatuiful, very eloquent. It is respectful when it must be, and it is rough when it must be. The performances are first-class, Ang Lee's direction is definately Oscar-worthy (he should have won, but Soderborgh was tough competition) and it is all-around fantastic. As Joel Siegel put it, One of the greatest movies ever made! 
5|9215|This movie is definately in my top 10...if not top 5 greatest movies of all time. Never has a movie made me laugh, and cry so much. This movie definately reminds me of America in the late 80's, early 90's, and it is totally underrated. Winona Ryder, Christian Slater, and even Shannen Doughtery gave Oscar worthy performances, but were barely mentioned at all. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who digs dark comedy. You might be pleasantly surprised.
1|10824|SUCH a STUPID movie....geesh
5|6126|A little bit weird, this movie. Who would have thought that Joan Crawford would play the normal sister while Bette Davis plays the psycho? Anyway, the scene where Davis tells Crawford they have rats in the cellar, and then she serves her dinner...I'll let you figure out the rest.
5|13164|Not as good as Part 1 but still a formidable piece of entertainment. It shows Vito Corleone's rise to power and his death. very dramatic. Desreves much more recognition.
1|21347|first of all this movie sucks second this movie is gay these 2 lame rods from american idol can not act they can not sing this movie sucks the music sucks
1|11284|This is one of the worst movies ever made. I did not laugh once. The jokes were very cliche and dull. Almost like the jokes I used to hear in elementary school. Really, is a man getting his butt crack waxed funny? The humor is rediculousely dumb to the point of making the viewer feel sorry for everyone involved. Word of advice if you like good comedies don't see anything by the production team who brought you Big Daddy or Deuce Bigalow. If you are a numb skull go check it out.
5|18031|this was a scary movie. in the era of slasher films of friday the 13th and halloween carrie was a deeper film in which the main character is both good and bad. your scared of her yet also feel really sorry for her. hard to do with a jason or mike myers. carrie had depth. this was and still is the best steven king movie version of one of his novels bar none. very good use of lighting and atomsphere in this movie. for me two images stay with me the prom scene of course but much more frightening were the closet scenes with cruifix and jesus with the glowing eyes. very creepy.
5|2426|Very sexy thriller that involved a good murder story with a twisted ending that was very good.
5|5349|This is one of the best movies ever made. It's so hard to pick a favorite scene, but if I just had to...it would be the scene on the steps of the jailhouse when Scout brought that lynch mob back to reality as only a child could have done. The kids roles (Scout, Jem and Dill) were outstanding. They took me back to a simpler time when all you needed was an old mop, and suddenly you had the fastest horse in the neighborhood. This was Gregory Peck's finest work. No one else could have brought Atticus to life the way that Gregory Peck did. Brock Peters portrayal of Tom Robinson was astounding to say the least (can't just go busting up any ole body's chifferobe). And who could forget the eeriness with which Robert Duvall portrayed Boo Radley. This movie makes you feel as though you were there. They just don't make em like that anymore.
5|21868|Absolutly perfect movie in all areas. It adds comedy, action, adventure, and sci-fi all into one! It's definatly my favorate movie! Did you know that a couple months ago, it was number 3 on the list of MOST sold DVD's? and guess what, the DVD doesn't even come out untill December 17, 2002! That shows it all. Buy it, pre-order it. Don't even bother to rent it first, its worth the money.
5|4057|Well, they did it again. Toy Story 2 is just as enchanting and wonderful as the first with great one-liners, and is just brilliant. The animation makes it awesome as well. If you liked Toy Story, you'll like this. See it now. Summary: THE SEQUEL TO TOY STORY IS JUST AS ENCHANTING AND WONDERFUL. 
5|17316|One of the cinematic masterpieces, both on technical merit and for the raw emotion poured into the story. A must see.
5|4043|One of Disney's very best. The characters, like Lady, Tramp, and Si and Am the siamese cats are vintage Disney. Great songs too.
1|9948|I thought this movie was dumb. I should have went high. Seriously, I laughed once.
5|16008|A truly gripping tale about love, death, guilt and knowing one's own feelings in an American family. It's called Ordinary People because the events and emotions explored could be part of the loves of any one of us.
5|15501|I luv this movie..my absolute fav movie..leonardo is so frickin hott...luv him !!!
5|13170|Better than the first one. Not too many movies get better than the original, but this one does. It continues from the first movie, but it seems to have more violence, which makes it off the hook.
5|6654|By the way, this refers to the 1939 version of Victor Hugo's landmark novel. Charles Laughton's make-up and acting are a knockout.Alfred Newman's score is one of the best of the 30s. Great visuals and storytelling.
1|21353|[just the sound of vomit]
5|13616|Fantastic movie! Kevin Spacey is creepy in this one.
5|12508|The feel-good comedy of the Christmas season!!! The Michelle Williams character to the Heath Ledger character : " I knew you two were up to something on your fishing trips when you didn't bring home any TROUT..... " You said a mouthful, honey. But beware... lots of man-cuddle action. Kind of like Mid-night Mass for the Gay community, no jokes allowed.... ever so serious & we must be ever so reverent & not joke about like sounding titles of a humourous nature..... boom-boom mountain, smelly tent mountain, nervous sheep mountain, KY mountain bloody stool mountain etc etc etc ad infinitum.... amen. We kid around because we love. Actually unlike any movie any of us have ever seen...... worth 9 bucks, I suppose.
1|17187|One of the most boring, dry, and joyless movies of our time.
5|15267|Good movie. About boxer Rubin Hurricane Carter. an african American who faces racial prejudice and injustice. He ends up in Juvenille detention for protecting a friend against a predator.He goes on to be a boxer and is known as the Hurricane. a few years later he is wrongly accused of murder set up by a dishonest, racist, police detective. He spends the next 20 years in jail. In jail he writes a book about his life, which is read years later by a young black youth. He along with his friends make it their mission to get Rubin out of jail. At the end Rubin is given tne justice he deserves and gets out of jail. This movie shows how hatred can destroy lives and how there are still people out their who are willing ti fight injustice. Denzel Washington is great as Rubin Carter.
1|23222|Grow up!
5|18743|the best in the series this was scary
5|24092|great movie i've ever watched.
5|7204|Animal House is one of the funniest films I have ever seen. Poeple will be enjoying this movie for years to come. I for one could never grow bored of seeing it. I think that any movie with the great John Belushi in it will be long remembered.
5|8137|Favorite movie. It never gets old. Everytime I watch I laugh so hard.
5|19475|Good movie and a nice directorial effort by Bill Paxton. But the abuse of the older boy by his well-meaning father was very hard to take. Gut wrenching. Note: The younger of the two boys has the lead in the latest remake of Peter Pan.
1|24565|Boy, did this suck. Emilio Estevez being chased by Mick Jagger on a moped is the stuff of nightmares. A preposterous waste of time.
1|15960|The actors couldn't save this movie from what it is. The whole premise of the movie and its screenplay is completely off. The biggest problem is that it is written for you to feel sorry for Sam (the retarded father) and for him regain custody of his 7 year old daughter. But every ounce of common sense sides with the bad guys that believe Sam should not have sole custody. The movie is aimed at making you feel that a father with an IQ of a 7 year old should be able to take care of his daughter himself. It just doesn't work.
5|10337|Released in 2002 and directed by Alexander Payne, About Schmidt is a dark comedy that has a very flat, intentionally plodding pace. The film almost exclusively centers around Warren Schmidt (Jack Nicholson) who is forced into retirement from his job as an insurance actuary. Schmidt quickly finds that his wife is essentially a stranger, and he turns to sponsoring an orphan boy in Africa named Ndugu. After his wife unexpectantly dies and in search of entertainment and change, Schmidt purchases an RV and begins a trip to Colorado to try to stop his daughter (Hope Davis) from marrying a waterbed salesman (Dermot Mulroney). Arriving in Colorado, Schmidt is faced with his future in-law (Kathy Bates). Viewers looking for more action miss the point of this film as the humor is intentionally dark and dialogue driven, and the pace is intentionally plodding to match the aura of Schmidt's new life. Though the in-laws are supposed to be portrayed as eccentric and over the top, Bates' persona was a bit excessive; however, Davis as Schmidt's no frills daughter was wonderful. What makes this film work is the casting and effort of Nicholson who can portray a man boiling inside, yet never erupts save within the anonymity of his letters to Ndugu which are the highlights of the film and move the story along. The bottom line is that About Schmidt is a cerebral black comedy that is not for everyone, but a must see for those who like the genre.
5|5413| It's a Wonderful Life Is a real classic, and it is a good lesson for anyone to learn who feels useless, and that his or her life has little or no meaning. People who feel discouraged with life can take a look at their life and think back at all the good that has come , and there most likely are people who could not have done without you. It is a good look at how one person's life can affect the lives of those around him in a positive way, and as far as Mr.Potter goes,in a negative way. So you can really appreciate a movie like this to help one find meaning in life. 
5|489|Easily one of the best movies ever made. Martin Scorsese has a directing style unlike any other and this movie presents both a serious and laid-back look at the Mafia. Ray Liotta delivers quite possibly his best performance as Henry Hill (Remember, this movie is based on a true story). GoodFellas is different from other ganster films such as The Godfather and Scarface, but in a very good way. If you see this movie at the end the only way you will able to sum up what you just saw is: Holy S***!
5|20592|This movie was awsume! This movie is everything: funny,sad,tense,action and mich more! IT is a true classic! You will luv it if you have not already seen it!
5|5375|The perfect Christmas movie. If you have really young kids, I don't think they'd enjoy it, because it is long and in depth, but I love it, and I'm 16.
5|22385|the ultimate sci-fi horror movie
5|7562|When a comedy is clever it is good, when it takes a well known subject, pulls it to pieces, puts it back together again through the minds of six genius it can only be described as brilliant!
1|20065|This is the worst scary movie I have ever seen. It was way over-hyped, with reports that grown men were leaving the theaters with heart attacks and you couldn't sleep without a light on for weeks...well, these stories had to be fake because this was one of the most boring movies I have ever seen. Too much talking and angry screaming...not to mention the over-use of the F-Word ...I mean, cussing is okay, to some extent, but when you hear it used every other word in a movie it gets tiresome. The whole witch thing seemed very unrealistic. I couldn't buy the idea that a witch was following the group, but the events that happened to the group seemed more like the work of local pranksters, which made the movie very, very un-scary. The ending was terrible. It was confusing and left me with a feeling of unsatisfaction. And the stupid camera movement makes you really sick to your stomach. It gave me a headache after a while. Don't waste your time with this movie...it's not worth the money and the hour and a half of your life it takes to watch it.
5|13158|Much better than the original. It is much more toned down, and takable. The performances are amazing, and I went wild for it.
5|14637|I really did enjoy it, and I can relate to it, which makes it even better. Fun performances, and knock-out dance scenes.
1|5182|Eddie Murphy stars in the big screen release of a popular Disney ride. What works for the 'Pirates' does not work for this movie. Jennifer Tilly has it in her contract that she must be the voice if they ever rework the ride.
5|1113|Best movie EVA!!!Aint it just like that game Grand Theft Auto Vice City???
5|22391|his arms are over 21 in this film
5|7576| He's not the Messiah, he's a very naughty boy 
5|14623|Boyz N the Hood is a urban classic that'll never die!
5|21840|I'v seen it about 4 times since it opened back in 1985. It is creative and an incredible fusion of comedy and SCI-FI. Great Catchphrases galore(McFlyyyyy). I loved the way the BTTF trilogy was able to work in Biff landing in a huge pile of s--t in every film. I watched it with my family yesterday and the kids (10 and 8) loved it. I guess the one gripe is that the movie has a lot of profanity for a PG movie. PG-13 is more appropriate. And my wife gave me copious amounts of grief about that. Like what the F--- does she want me to get them, Barney meets The Teletubbies. As if my kids haven't heard worse in school. Of course, my boy doesn't help things by calling the girl, Butthead.
5|5361|This is a well made movie. Well acted well filmed and a great story to start with. I think it should be used as a teaching tool for would be film makers and maybe we would have a lot less garbage being made.
1|24217|hey Ang, I thought it was three strikes and your out, you must have your lips on the right asses...
5|21698|I felt that having a director that was a great fan of Tolkein made the movie. I also felt that each actor protrayed each charactor very well.
5|16034|It's a wonderful, heartfelt story. I am not usually a fan of Jodi Foster, but I would see this movie again and again. Ms.Foster and Chow Yun-Fat did a wonderful job of a beautiful story. A definate MUST-SEE...
5|3076|Colin Farrell -- makes the hwole thing work :D
5|4719|one of the best cartoons ever made.
5|5407|I watched this movie at a time in my life when I was feeling very down. I moved to Michigan away from my family in New York and was feeling very lonely because I couldn't be with them a Christmas. I felt so good after watching it that I called my mom to discuss it.
5|14145|hilary swank is awesome. IMO.
1|19196|I liked this movie better when it was released under its original title Mogwai Droppings
5|7210|The funniest movie ever! You will still be laughing days after seeing it!
5|8123|I wanted to be Molly Ringwald (Samantha in the movie) in this movie. Oh, and Jake, he was so cute. The sophmore girl wins over the popular seniors heart as he dumps his oh so popular, hot girlfriend for Samantha. I have seen this movie (not exaggerating) approximately 200 times and I still love it. There are so many funny parts. Everyone plays their part perfectly. Anthoney Michael Hall, Molly Ringwald, Matt Dillon are some big names but then there is the classic Long Duck Dong and the brother who says one of the best lines in the movie....'Sofa city sweetheart'. Just thinking about it makes me hope that it is on USA or some other tv station this weekend.
1|18263|I cant believe this is as high as it is in the ratings- its such a non-scary movie!! I think its pathetic - its so boring I almost fell asleep. Together with bad acting and an unbelievable plot - but with the holy water in waterpistols - cmon!! CRAP!!
5|1852|One of the best movies I have seen. Bruce Lee is one of my martial arts idols. The storyline was good, as well as the action. I also liked the fact they didn't dub over his real voice.
5|13819|Onem of the best movies ever. I loved it. Great acting, great story, lots of surprises.
1|20924|Hated this movie!!!! The biggest waste of my time.
5|2383|i give it two thumbs up. jodie foster was great as always
5|476|Instant classic. The film had a great cast (Sean Connery and Harrison Ford). The story was very well written. This film will be watched for decades.
5|4094|Not just for kiddies. Wonderful story and animation. Funny and touching...
5|21673|Pesky ewoks notwithstanding, this is still one fine movie. It ties up all the story threads from the first two to make a perfect type ending. Of course the special effects are superb, but unlike many movies since, they don't drown the story. They enhance it. And those who think this is just another sci-fi movie are totally wrong. This is about family, this is about the battle of good and evil/right and wrong. It is also a story of redemption and coming of age. The climactic battle between Vader and Luke is one of my all time favorite movie scenes.
5|11968|Hilariously funny
5|3923|Great kids movie! Hell, great adult movie! I loved it!
5|8876|Cheech and Chong's best movie ever!
1|11247|I'm still trying to figure out WHY the director(s), writer(s), producer(s) gave this movie a comedic slant.
5|8862|Hilarious! Any Mel Brooks movie is definitely a keeper! And who could forget that old campfire favorite, Springtime for Hitler, ey? *wink* Ok ok, Gene Wilder did a good job as well, but I think we all know the true genious behind this film.
5|23070|the perfect introduction to the Satr wars saga! the lightsaber duel between Qui-Gon Jinn, Obi-Wan Kenobi, and darth Maul was great so was the pod racer scene!
5|7589|Dang! We're in a tight spot! Great music and a great cast that all played their parts well. Loosely based on The Odyssey by Homer, if you are familiar with that story, it's fun to watch for the signs. Like the Cyclopes John Goodman.
5|14804|good british crime drama. weird link of sexuality and violence. the acting is very understated, a lot going on under the surface, a lot of tension and power struggles. a smart, exciting film. visually very good. also a sharp sense of humor (ever so important). ;)
5|21667|The Return of the Jedi is underrated, relative to its predecessors. The movie, as a last of a trilogy, is a perfect ending to a masterful story. The musical score is impeccable, next to Godfather II. It deserves a 5.
1|22841|I didn't see it yet. I know that it doesn't desserve to be above Requiem for a Dream, that's for damn sure!
5|20579|So who was this Bob Fosse? He was selfish, cynical and remarkably sensitive -- another artist who could get away with being hateful because of his ability to see and create beauty, because of his awareness. But then American critics too get away with a hell of a lot these days. They dump their opinions on the page and forget to clean them up. I havent read one critique yet that pointed out that the film is postmodern! All That Jazz is post-modern and post-modern was the perfect medium for Fosse: its skeptical, unreligious, unaccountable and playful. Bob Fosses outer life, apparently, was the same way, and his inner life, more complicated than that and deeper, is given to us in pieces. He lets you experience his life without actually spelling it out for you (he spells out a great deal in hard words about himself but many things are only hinted at). This, again, is what critics seem to miss  that the so-called flaws in the film might be necessary because they add to its complexity and contradictory nature and because theres more to Bob Fosse than womanizer, addict, workaholic. Its supposed to be tongue-in-cheek! Its supposed to be tedious in parts and riveting/haunting in others! Thats the way the life hes describing is. Theres no way Fosse would have intended the film to be perfect in a Hollywood way. He wanted it to be perfect in an artistic way  subtle, uneven, light, funny, a little silly, and deeply disturbing. That is the formula for a perfect art film, the perfect art film being what most accurately reflects real life. According to several American critics, the film is self-indulgent, annoying in parts, and too long. To them a film is a product, something for their gratification. They look up at the screen without looking up at the film unless, of course, it does something for them -- thrills, delights, makes them cry at just the right moments. They are used to so many commercials and commercials are usually thrilling and sentimental. The majority of online reviews seem to think theres something gracious and magnanimous about granting that All That Jazz is unique and moving in some way and leave it at that: great choreography, intriguing performances, impressive attempt. This is due not to a lack of intelligence of the reviewers but, apparently, their lack of interest in the deeper subject matter.
5|304|Great film. Are you not entertained?
5|3937|Toy Story brought to life a child's imagination. The computer animation was entirely realistic. Down to the last shadow. Toy Story 2 was even better than this one
5|16975|On my top five of 2001 list. Vanilla Sky is a dizzying brilliant film from Cameron Crowe. You wouldn't expect a film like this coming from Crowe, which makes it all the more cool to experience. A strange, mind bending tripinto the seemingly charmed life of the young owner of a magazine publishing company. All is going well until he bumps and grinds the wrong blonde. What happens next is an unstoppable rollercoaster into the bizarre and incredibly beautiful. Surreal and fantastic, Vanilla Sky is a visionary film perfected and will blow your mind right out of your head. Tom Cruise, Penelope Cruz, Cameron Diaz,Kurt Russel and Jason Lee all put in commendable performances. Cameron Diaz sticks out the most as the obsessive psycho girl Cruise banged four times in one night. Diaz is creepy as all hell and somewhat reminds me of a few of my ex's. A pure masterpiece. Crowe has made a work of art. HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. Absolutly astonishing.
5|2397|One of my favorite endings ever! Great movie and definitely worth picking up to rent someday.
5|21101|It really depicted, brilliantly, the innocence and the human side of the Fab Four. This has got to be the most underrated music movie/documentary of all time.
5|3089|one of my favorites
5|18958|My alltime favorite movie. I jsut noticed my SN is Ash_WIlliams too, not a coincidense. I respect people who sya this is the worst evil dead movie (I dissagree but respect them) but i hate people who complain that it's a bad movie cause it doesn't make sense, THAT'S BECAUSE THERE"S TWO OTHERS DAMMIT! AS for the guy who said he can't relate to Ash, no duh. DO you relate to The Governator in Predator? If you say you do, you're a jackass. DO you relate to Jack Burton in Big Trouble little CHina, man I doubt it. That doesn't make them bad nmovies now does it?
5|1846|The greatest Bruce Lee movie of all. A lot of excellent fight scenes. The movie has a very good plot. This action movie set the standard for martial arts movies of the future. Best martial arts movie of all time.
1|17144|Sucked. It is difficult to get over the fact that Richard is 48 and Winona is 22. Additionally, Ricahard dated Winona's mom. How are we supposed to swallow that!
1|11535|Steve needs to stop trying cash in on the market hype and stick to what he's good at, movies aren't his thing!
1|1441|I really don't get it?? Is it because the chick is hot!
1|12014|Adam Sandler sucks!
5|20237|Alright, this movie was awesome. Unfortunately, so many people are not gonna get it, hardly anyone will watch it. You have to truly watch the movie with an open mind, and pay attention to make it make sense. The acting was good, the story was well thought out and unusual. Definitely a unique witchcraft movie. If you are looking for a movie to watch late at night, this is it.
1|8303|Sacreligious. Some things are sacred and shouldn't be poked fun at. I'm down for laughing at almost everything, but not my beliefs.
5|18970| The absolute best trilogy ever. Forget Star Wars, Evil Dead is a much deeper trilogy. Ok well not really. It does make me laugh though. These films have been focused on those who love B-movies and those who love horror and comedy alike. Army of Darkness is probably one of the best trilogy finales. Bruce Campbell is hilariouse as the good guy with the attitude. Placing him in medievil times makes it even better. More gags than ever and ridiculous as hell. I am an avid fan and highly recommend this horror comedy to anyone with a good since of humor and a love of horror. 
5|22420|Good movie. Cool fight scenes.
5|13825|i love christopher walken and robert deniro. Deer Hunter is long but its a very good movie.
5|14192|Beautiful costumes and great casting. Brings forth Queen Elizabeth in a whole new light that attracts young people.
5|6867|I am Brave Sir...Shut Up! A classic funny. I was laughing straight for days and reciting passages. It took me a while to get what the Knights of Ni had changed their name to, but I got it. Ekkiekkiekkibekongzooopboing.
5|22346|I believe that Superman was the catalyst of all the upcoming superhero movies. I remember as a kid, I used to love watching Superman, even though if it was my 10th time watching it.
5|8692|Best comedy ever, but I also need to know if anyone remembers what song is playing when their getting ready for the prom soilentgreen@box.com
1|12772|lies, have you seen gearge bush talk about the men he sent to war, hardly a man who did it for political gain.
5|20551|it was a good movie.
5|10492|Very funny, great movie! Tom Green was funny. The story was good as well.
5|21897|This is my favorite of the three. It's clearly better than the third, and I liked it a whole lot more than the first. It's got enough action to satisfy just about anyone, and all of the action is reasonable in my opinion. Plus there are more than three characters that play an important role. I think it's a well-made thriller.
5|11798|was pleasnatly surprised how the movie turned out!! was very entertained and thought it was David spades best so far
5|338|This movie is EXCELLENT!!! I saw this recently..and I must say mi eyes were glued to the screen...Russell Crowe was amazing...I am a big fan of him and i must say he is a great actor! Russ played the role of Maximuss..the character was fearless brave strong daring and had a really good heart!! Joaquinn Phoenix had the role of Ceaser...The character is greety, sneeky, mean, disgusting, and everything a Ceaser shouldnt be!...HE always seems to play the bad guy roles...he was bad in THe yards w/ star mark wahlberg....and in this movie he was w/ russ...HE plays the bad guy roles very well..The movie was the best action sequence of the yr. (according to MTV MOvie Awards) and all the voters(includin myself) who said it was!!! Oh and dont forget the awards Russ won for it...Well the story's plot was original...It was about this soldier (russ) who was the best fighter Caeser had and wanted ta go home to his family...The original Ceaser was the father of the character Joaquin Phoenix played....newayz...he told Maximus that he wanted him to take his place after he dies b/c he says his son would not do a good job of it..and wen the son(joaquin Phoenix) found out he was petrified so he murdured his father so he could be the ruler and not Maximus..so Maximus became a slave and was sold to some rich guy to fight..in other words to be a gladiator!! His job 4 this was to fight other stronger men and be killed and hav peeps scream and yell at them...but they didnt know Maximus....he was the best...he killed every1 that tried to kill him...he was the winner!! and as u all know...the ending was perfect...it all worked out...hehe...Hope I didnt give too much of it away to the peeps wo havebt seen it..I just wanted ta tell a lil of it so u can understand it wen ya c it : ) This movie is very extrordinary and I reccomend it to everyone who hasnt seen it yet!!! : )
5|11940|I am not a particular fan of Tom Hanks, but I have to say he really impressed me in this one.That giggle was brilliant,I thought I'd die laughing.I had no idea that this was a remake, but no matter how good the original was, this version certainly can match it.The Coens are great.Of course, it is not the traditional Hollywood comedy, but thats whats so great about it.Wayans was very criticised, I really dont understand why, I thought he was excellent.The scene when he remembers his childhood is even worthy of Quentin Tarantino.I enjoyed this film a lot.
5|9598|This movie has been greatly overlooked in American Filmography. Jeff Kanew brings together an experienced cast including David Wohl (D.A.R.Y.L. and Brewster's Millions), who plays the upstart and fickle Dean Eulich, and Michelle Meyrink( Nice Girls Don't Explode), who plays Judy, a tawdy and gorgeous accordion playing temptress. It is difficult to forget the writing that clicked thanks to Miguel Tejada-Flores, who also worked on the made for TV film, Heads You Live, Tails Your Dead, and Jeff Buhai, best known for the Whoopee Boys starring Paul Rodriguez. Thanks ROTN! 
5|6873|Not as funny as Life Of Brian, but still hysterical.
5|14838|Haunting movie, sad story.........
1|3242|This is just about the worst Bond movie ever. To say the plot is flimsy would be to grossly overstate the existence of a plot. The casting belongs on the TV, or a Channel 4 low budget film - Robert Carlyle as a Bond bad guy? I don't think so - Robbie Coltrane and Goldie (??????) - nuff said. Only Judi Dench has the screen quality, but she comes across like your headmistress from school, not your boss. Bonds got worse when Harry Saltzman left (died?), worse still when they ran out of books to base the plots on, and have hit an absolute nadir now Cubby Broccoli isn't involved. Give up - Not another - This was a shameful exploitation to hide the lack of a plot by having an action sequence ever five minutes. And I just can't suspend disbelief any longer - Bond films started in the 1962, which assuming he was around 30 then makes him about 70 by now. They also belong in that era, when the Cold War threat actually did exist, and films such as From Russia, Goldfinger etc had some degree of plausibility. Loons like Carlyle, Jonathan Pryce and Sean Bean just do not have any credibility in the modern, post Glasnost era. 
5|15298|I'm giving About a Boy five stars simply because watching it was such an enjoyable experience. The movie is about a swinging bachelor (played by Hugh Grant) who becomes involved in a young boy's life and, as a result, learns to see life in a different way. The movie was sweet without being saccharine, and it was filled with funny scenes. Hugh Grant, an actor I usually avoid, was outstanding in his role. In fact, he and Nicholas Hoult (who played the young boy) made the movie. If you're in the mood for a nice story, some good humor, and excellent acting, check out About a Boy. 
5|14186|Boys don't cry is an awesome film , with great cast , especially Hilary Swank as Brandon Teena , she ia absolutley amazing , that's why she won the Golden Globe for best actress and probably the Oscar , I hope so . Go see it .
5|16791|this sleeper hit breaks your heart, but not in the way you expect it to. stick with it to its conclusion, and get your guts twisted into a pretzel. beautifully shot with an excellent score. fine cast, good script. a bit frustrating, but anything that affects you is good in the cinema. strongly recommended.
5|8687|anybody know anything about the town/school this movie is actually supposed to be based on? cuz it is based on a real town in michigan. send me a message if you do!
5|22353|Greatest hero ever. First comic book action hero that came onto the screen as a big hit.
5|6872|You either love it or you hate it. It depends on your sense of humour. If you have my dry British sense of humour, then it is the Best. I think they should get back together. PS (Beware of the killer bunny)
1|5154|not a good movie. too much like tha first one!
5|10487|This was the funniest movie I've seen in years. I was highly impressed. I thought it would be dumb with Tom Green, but he only has a minor part. A great movie for guys especially.
1|1332|An unpleasant little film made by an ubergeek who's clearly trying hard to compensate for his planet sized nerdiness. What was the point of it exactly?
1|12767|Try FahrenHYPE 9/11 
1|7743|not funny!!!
5|16948|it was great. Diane Lane is a great actress she did a wonderful job
1|11508|What a horrible sequel to a funny original. Those friends are such losers. The kid from rookie of the year is such a girl...way too sensative. Mia S. and her boyfriend need to be written out of the script...LOSERS!!!! Only Stiffler and his bro saved the movie.
5|14187|Hilary Swank's performance as Brandon Teena was phenomenal. There is an Oscar Award is this young woman's future!!
5|22435|But it wearing on me, I've seen it so many times. Love the time loop.
1|2149|There was no salvaging this shipwreck.
5|14193|This movie gives insight to a woman's life that is a major part of history. Until I saw this movie I did not realize what kind of life she went through. I am glad that the storyline wasn't changed too drastically from the actual historical events.
5|13824|This is without question one of the most poetic and heart breaking movies ever made. It is beautiflly written,directed and photographed and it has one of the best casts ever assembled for ANY movie. Oh yeah and there is Stanley Myers breathtaking theme cavatina playing throughout. In short this is one movie you should watch before you die!!!! 
1|3257|For this movie to have such big time actors in it, it sucked terribly!
5|21128|I love this musical! The music is well suited, and the performers in the original are great. I'm not so fond of the recent adaption of it, though... I'm not sure who they're trying to appeal to with those bondage-demons at the end.
5|20550|The movie takes you right into the heart of teams....Lots of driver and team member perspectives as well. Excellent racing footage, and good background information. Both old and new NASCAR fans will enjoy and learn something from this movie. 
5|11955|This was about the funniest movie I've ever seen.EVERY scene was funny.Intricate plot,clever dialogue,excellent acting,great cinematography and well written.This deserves to be much higher on the list,my guess is that it's new and many people haven't yet seen it.Highly recommended!
5|6866|You really cannot beat the Monty Python lot, Holy Grail is one of my favourite films. Especially with the knights who say 'nee' and demand a shrubbery (then changed it to eckky, eckky, eckky, zuboing....), also with the French saying 'your mother was a pig and your father smelled of elderberries'. Its a fantastic film and full of the dry wit us British are proud to have.
5|3936|I think Toy Story was really well done and silly. When I went to see the sequel in the theater, there wasn't one little kid in the audience. Nope, it was all teenagers!
5|20578|A one of a kind trip through a man's life through song and dance and medical procedure. Roy Schieder was never better and Bob Fosse's legacy is well served by this naked examination of his character and his art.
5|4081|I enjoyed this movie because even though it was a cartoon, it was still exciting. It was also full of comedy that was easy to understand, especially when they had the bad guy say, I am you father, to the fake Buzz Lightyear. Everyone knew it came from Star Wars.
5|14805|A daunting tale of drug-induced decadence and how the lead character Renton and a few of his friends effectively abandon the crushing tedium of their everyday poverty-stricken lives and head into a downward spiral of addiction with some terrifying (and vividly portrayed) consequences. Robert Carlyle and Ewan McGregor are both superb actors and no less so in this film. Excellent soundtrack too, I listen to it all the time, includes Iggy Pop's Lust for life and Underworld's classic Born Slippy (which if you listen to long enough and loud enough you'll feel like you're on drugs!).
5|7588|One of my all time favorites movies.
1|3519| Point Break with cars instead of surfboards and bad. The acting may have been good if the actors would have had something to work with, but as it was, the BEST actors couldn't have saved this movie. Unfinished plot lines that weren't very good to begin with, lame cars and the longest 1/4 mile races I've ever seen.
1|5168|Stupid movie. not worthy of the Disney family.
5|8863|Hilarious! Gene Wilder was great, and one of my favourite scenes ever is Dick Shawn's psychedelic audition. I haven't seen the broadway show yet or heard much about it, but this movie's definitely worth renting. It's springtime, for Hitler, and Germany... 
5|6696|One of the all time great films in American history! Henry Fonda is Wyatt Earp. This low key film leads inevitably up to the Gunfight at the OK Corral. Many of the John Ford stable of players show up in this film.
1|2161|Long slow awful movie, dfficult to figure out on times, including That overweight Marlon Brando sweating and mumbling his way through a load of bollocks in a cave....
5|22409|this sequel chronicles Anakin Skywalker and how he started to turn evil. Great battle scenes, music, special effects, and an excellent plot.
5|18959|How can you go wrong with Bruce Campbell?
5|3088|This is a great family movie that has everything villians,heroes, and the girl that needs rescued. Why I gave it 5 was that it was believable. Imagine any of you finding something like that and do you think you could do any better?
5|21100|Considering the budget they had and the Script, The Beatles did a fab job on this. It is very funny and it goes with out saying that the music is great. It plays like a big video, so really it was the first video. MTV should send 10% of every thing they make to the Beatles for inventing videos.
5|463|I'm an Indiana Jones fan. His epsisodes are just always so mysterious and incredible. I especially like how they made history interesting and the way Jones always rescues some beautiful woman.
1|12029|Ashton Kutcher. That explains everything. I still like the and then thing but he can take no credit for that.
5|2382|Extremely suspenseful and excellent actors. Very stressful!
5|18795|I thought The Ring was a really good movie and I also thouught it was scary the fact that they sorta left you hanging is even scarier! but that little boy He didn't blink once in the movie he ws freaky and had some big eyes!!!!! HA HA HA
1|20925|Words cannot describe how awful I thought this movie was. It wasn't the acting, which I thought was good. It was the use of modern music in that era, it just didn't work for me. When Like a Virgin came on, that was it for me. I watched the rest of the movie with everyone else, but that was the point of no return. They could have had a wonderful movie without the stupid use of music that doesn't fit with that era. Maybe I'm just too much of a history buff, I just couldn't stand it.
5|13818|GREAT movie! Tom Hanks gave an excellent performance (as always). The movie captured every essence of the book..moving, humorous, definitely makes you think. If it didn't bring a tear to your eye, you must be made of stone!
1|17151|I maybe remember seeing bits and pieces of this movie when I was younger. I like Robert Redford don't get me wrong, but to imagine any chemistry between him and Barbara Streisand blows my mind. I keep watching for this to be on AMC sometime but have never been able to catch it. It seems like one of the those movies I guess that have not aged well with time.
5|1853|Bruce Lee is a real good fighter in this movie. I enjoy all the fighting scenes and his clever tricks. I have watched it many times and wouldn't mind watching it again.
5|8877|Pretty damn funny. Even my parents howled with laughter at this movie, and they are straight arrows.
5|6682|I bought this on dvd and hadn't seen it for years. You must watch. It is such a riveting story. The Robert Blake connection is, in light of modern happenings, fascinating. The Truman Capote book is well done.
1|21385|Pluh-lease.
5|3922|By far, one of the best animated movies ever made. The characters are warm, loveable, and memorable. The story is heart-warming. Has a lot of cute, slapstick-type comedy to make it enjoyable for young children. But it is deep enough to touch an adult's heart. I was in my very early teens when I first saw it. Now, at the age of 20, it's just as close to my heart as it was then.
1|15020|This is one of the most annoying movies I've ever seen. I was hoping Winona's character would get brutalised by one of the guards. She thoroughly deserved it - whinging on on in that horrid nasal voice of hers. I watched this movie with a doctor friend of mine who was working in a psychiatric hospital at the time. He said that the basic plot (they wouldn't let her out, even though she was a voluntary patient) completely lacked credence. As for Angela Jolie's character, there didn't apopear to be anything wrong with her. What was she doing in a nut house? As for having her undergo EST, as if any hospital would do that to a completely sane person against their will, even in the 60s! What a load of rubbish. 
5|11969|BEST MOVIE EVER...i could quote the entire move...my absolute favourite movie, i suggest you all rent it!
5|21672|this movies timing was perfect i was in my early teen years and able to understand the somwhat deeper themes of the film. (redemption, forgivness,family) after empire this would be number two for me. to sum it up i guess there are three things that are most memorable to me about jedi: 1. the lapti nek song from jabba's band(still prefer it over the sp.ed music) 2.carrie fisher(still have a crush on her to this day.)3.the scene where the jedi anakin returns and saves his son and his own life. on of the few scenes in movies that can choke me up even today.
5|21699|it was awsome, but my fav is still Two Towers.
1|24216|Awful! Terrible, angst-ridden nonsense!
5|19306|This film has the spooky camp feel like part one, which is what I love in a Friday the 13th film. Not only is it a fun movie to watch but it features a hot chick with a perfect butt! You guys that have seen the movie,you know what I'm talking about. I like the way Jasons face looks at the end of the movie, the whole deformed wild man in the woods is really beliveable and scary. Watch out for the skinny goofy looking guy named Ted, this guys funny just to look at. He does some fuuny sh*t in the bar scene! Best to watch this film if your drunk or high on we*d! Two thumbs up!
5|21841|Loved it.Nothing like the original.
5|5360| To Kill a Monkingbird was a great movie. It stuck pretty close to the novel it was based on. It blended characters from the book and totally left out one but otherwise it was a great movie focusing on the problems of the time.
5|20587|Great movie, in its time and place. Nat Wood was a really good actress. She the best anyone could at that time in the given role. Today we would have used singers, and accurate types (i.e. Puerto Ricans etc.) ...but for then it was really good. Still entertaining to view. 
5|1106|A great classic about an immigrant drug dealer who works his way up to the top by being aggressive and not letting anyone get in his way. But it is this attitude which leads to his downfall - he will not listen to even his closest friends. He becomes extremely self-consumed and careless, and his high coke intake doesn't help. In the end the invincible Tony Mantana falls as quickly as he had risen.
5|14622|This was a great movie. It was emotional and you felt for the characters. Great storylines. The best movie!!!
1|20070|This movie was a rip off! The only thing that i will say was good in this movie was the ending. Other than that it gave me a headache.
5|7577|no words can describe the excelency!
1|5829|I'm sorry, but it's about a sled. Named Rosebud. Maybe I missed something, but I didn't like it at all. I think it's overrated.
5|7211|Animal House is one of the greatest comedy movies of all time and time doesn't change that. If you've never seen it, where have you been. If you have, see it again and say the lines as they say them. Bluto and Otter's final speech to get the Deltas fired up to do some damage is still my favorite scene in the movie. So different and so funny.
5|24087|if i thought it was worth 5 stars i would shoot myself in the face or better yet shoot myself in the rectum it would be slower and more painful-- screw anyone whoe liked this terrible film if you can call it a film-- a porno has a better plot and acting- jesus h christ wake up hollywood
5|1660|This movie is excellent. If you love martial arts movies, this is a movie for you. The special effects are really good, although it's obvious that the things these people are doing at the time are impossible. The fight scenes are amazing, and it has a great story. It really makes the martial arts movies from the US look terrible!
5|14144|This film was very special for me! I felt like it was me that had written the manus or maybe it was me that the movie was about? The reason was that the topics of the film, like what if everyone knows what you're doing all the time? etc. was thoughts I've had a lot of as a child! One of the greatest movies at all time! :o)
5|17459|One of my absolute favorite movies of all time! RASHOMON proves that Kurosawa is a genius just as SEVEN SAMURAI and RAN do. Aside from SEVEN SAMURAI, this is the best Japanese film ever made (that I've seen, of course).
5|11028|I think it was a great love story and i loved the storyline.
5|8136|One of... if not Carrey's best movie. The plot itself is phenominal. Also... the best outtakes from any movie EVER. If you have not had the pleasure of watching it, I advise you do.
1|3294|I went into the movie expecting a fast paced action thriller with a complicated, well thought out plot. I was disappointed to be confronted with a boring movie with a corny love story. It was one of the worst movies I've seen this year.
5|1112|My faverout movie of all time, I'll say that first. Released to a hail of critisism. In fact they gave it an X rating, virtualy unheard of outside the world of hardcore pornography, lol. Scarface in its time boasted an all time record amount of swears, making use of the F word almost 200 times. But this film is worth more than its dated shock value. Operatic and overblown, this film apeals to anyone looking for a film with a minamum amount of arsing around - the is no love sceans no attempt to bring shade or depth to Montana's character, he is defined by his actions as a pure bad guy - the ultimate anti-hero icon. Endlessly watchable and quotable, you'll either love it for its in you r face vilolence and agression or hate it for its bloatedness and linear simplicity. Its all about one scumbags rise and fall, and alot of Coke and carnage! 
5|8888|Top rate - You like Dags?
5|13159|Who doesnt want to be in the Mafia because of these movies? Callmetootie is no good.
5|7563|Had me laughing from the first scene, to the last.
5|16021|hardball was the only movie.if u haven't seen the movie ur buggin. it will amke u laugh, cry and appreciate ur young brother or sister. i give hardball a perfect 100% best movie out right now.
5|10450|An instant classic!
5|6655|Based on Victor Hugo's novel, this one definitely goes down as a classic. The make-up work on Quasimodo's face is so well done- haunting to look at today, imagine what it looked like to people 80 years ago! The scenes of Quasimodo's torture are so dramatic, and most of the acting is excellent. Not everyone knows, however, that the real story ends with an image of Quasimodo and Esmerelda's decaying skeletons holding each other...
5|13171|This sequel may have actually eclipsed the original.
5|4042|This movie is a true Disney classic. It has all the aspects; cute and lovable characters, an evil character (aunt sarah), the love story and of course, the happy ending. The art work is excellent, all the characters are drawn in true Disney fashion, making sure that the bodies of the dogs and people are proportioned. The love scene between Lady and the Tramp is very cute and sweet too. This is by far my favorite disney movie, as it has been for 18 years!
5|10478|Road Trip is hilarious! With many classic lines and situations, this movie is a must see. I recommend it whole heartedly.
5|18024|One of the best horror movies ever. The mom is one of the scariest figures in movie history.
5|17317|A work of genius. A dark, claustrophobic, oppressive and unnerving film that is one of the best pictures of men at war ever made.
5|17471|I don't care who or why, abortion is murder of a life God created. I am sure there are people who think they are doing good but when it involves the destruction of a human life, the end never justifies the means nor the reason. I have been researching the lives of women who had abortions and you never hear how their lives progress after they decide to kill their babies. Many have lifelong struggles with all sorts of emotional issues. Some can't stand to be around babies because it makes them think of the child they destroyed. Some have relationship problems that last their lifetime. Many become drug or alcohol abusers. No one ever tells them that these things may become a permanent part of their lives after an abortion. Many women have committed suicide from the guilt of killing their baby. Hollywood can glamorize just about anything and people will get that warm fuzzy feeling and say what a wonderful person. She was playing God!
1|5815|boring just because for its time it had good camera angles this made on #1 on the top 100 best films of all time.
5|12509|EXCELLENT..........a long over due movie. love is love regardless of the gender of the person you love. 
5|6133|This is an remarkable film in every way...it is Max Ophul's summit of his American career. It is also one of the most tragic romatic films ever with superb performances by Joan Fontaine and Louis Jourdan. Everyone connected with the film deserves the highest of praise.
5|9200|Fun, quirky and original. Great movie.
5|15272|Intriguing, and makes you want to get up and out of your seat and undo an injustice. Great acting and story.
5|7239|John Candy was hilarious.
5|23918|Interesting and fascinating with some excellent actors.
5|13603|If I were speaking to the people who said that this movie was bad, I would do it veeeery slooooowwly so as they would be able to understaaaaand me. The thing about this movie is that you need to look deeper. There are layers, it is complicated--you can't look at it like you would look at the current Julia Roberts movie and just go home. This movie requires contemplation, and it is certainly not indicative of a dark place inside yourself. Please. If you liked this movie, you are able to appreciate individuality and the situations that arise in all walks of life. I feel like if you didn't like this movie, you need, to reuse the movie's tagline, look closer. 
5|1648|A misunderstood film. This story is based on an old Chinese tale. . .yes, the flying is something you have to look past but our legendary tale of Paul Revere is just as fictional. CTHD is one of most beautifully shot films I have ever seen. Incredible cinematography, decent acting, terrific fight scenes. But it is simply a beautiful film to watch- the scenery, the costumes, the locations are just phenomenal.
5|2341|This movie was incredible. I saw it in the theater when it first came out, and was amazed, not only at the special effects, but also at the acting. I strongly disagree with those that say this movie had a weak storyline and weak acting. Every actor and actress in The Mummy was talented, gifted, and played their parts well. They also brought comedy into the movie with jokes when the tension was high. The sexy bander between Brendan and Rachel kept the movie in perspective when things were getting over the top. I suppose you would have to have a genuine interest in Egypt and the ancient cultures to appreciate this film. It was not only worth the $7.00 to see it in the theater, but also the $15.00 to buy it on VHS.
5|17465|I was very surprised when Todo sobre mi madre won the European Film Awards '99, not only for best actress, but also best film! I was quite sure either F...... m l [Show Me Love], Mifunes sidste sang or Nothing Hill would win! It's said that this film is Pedro Almodovar's best, his true masterpiece! But it doesn'tstop there: The movie is ranked as the 100. best of the IMDb users! And the ranking: 8.7 out of 10. To have something to compare to, the leader of IMDb's Top 250, The Godfather is ranked 9.0 out of 10... Finally, the world has a chance to see a Spanish movie, a language 500 million people talk! Tonight it's a fact: It won the Golden Globe for Best Foreign Language Film! :o)
5|11014|This movie was funny throughout the time I sat down. It made me feel good after I got out of the theatre. Martin Lawerence definitely makes you laugh.
5|4730|Very touching, well-wriiten, well-acted, and overall well-done movie. Frankie Muniz is a great actor. I see a good furure for him in acting. Skip was adorable! He was the son of the dog that plays Eddie on Frasier.
1|24558|Incredibly horrible version of the classic H.G.Wells story, with ludicrously bad performances from everyone. Whatever happened to Jeremy Irons? He used to be a pretty good actor once upon a time. I'll tell you one thing, I would NEVER want to have to go up against that guy on the old game show "Make Me Laugh." Decent actor, but his career isn't merely going down the toilet, it's clogged in the pipes.
5|3739|ROCKS
5|4056|Better than the first one! 
5|17303|This is one of the finest movies I have ever seen. Set around the most horific tragedy in history, it is a love story first between a man and a woman, and then between the man and his son. So many scenes tug at your heart while you're also laughing. With sub-titles, it may difficult to follow on the small screen, but is definitely worth the effort.
1|21346|only saw a few minutes of this horrid movie. I am glad American Idol got wise. after this junk. a very sad kick back to the beach party movies from the 60s. Kelly at least managed to go on and have a career. As for Justin,where is he now?
5|6899|Definatly one of the best comedies around. It's got loads of creatvie gags on Jaws, Saturday Night Fever, Casablanca and much more. It also has colorful characters and great one liners. Don't forget the non-stop slapstick. Is it really possible to hate this?
5|22637|I loved it!!!!! I think Wolferine is the bomb! 
1|12203|Please take away the pain..
5|16592|Well done and good to watch.
5|885|This movie definitely tripped me out. Sometimes I can't sleep at night because I see scenes from this movie in my head. It's just interesting to see other perspectives on what happens to humans after death.
5|17854|This movie is the epitomy of all horrors. Jack Nicholson shows his acting ability immensely and brings it to a new level. I rank it as a top 5 horror movie of all time.
5|2816|James Bond is the cleanest fool that I've ever seen. All in one day he kills hella bad guys, gets the girl, plays with all sorts of cool weapons, and still has time to get a drink(shaken not stirred).
5|21458|I saw this as an adult when it first came out and have watched it many times since. The story and characters still grip me, even knowing where the plot leads, and I'm still on the edge of my seat for the final flight scenes. Everything, from the casting to the soundtrack and the then-revolutionary special effects, makes it a great movie!
5|22151|What is the Matrix? Awesome plot, great Kung Fu sequences, kick ass visuals and special effects. This movie is great! Awesome plot! 5 stars!
5|12092|this is the best movie of all time...morris chestnut looked sooo sexy...i wish i was playing in that movie with him...vivica fox did an excellent job in the movie also...she is the best actress of all time!!!!!
1|16717|oh jezzzuz, anyone seeing this movie is a complete idiot and deserves a kick in the ass. some people will undoubtly claim best performance ever by will smith. well, duh! he cant act, so anything is better than the past cr p. will smith playing ali,,,,its like tom green playing albert einstein. truly undeserving of a major hero of our times. 
5|15931|If one is willing to wait through a few dull moments a person will see that the English Patient is one of the best movies ever made. It is a perfect combination of love lost and love found. The best part of this movie for me was the patient and nurse relationship between Juliet Binoche and Ralph Fiennes.
5|22145|Awesome effects, great storyline with many twists and turns.
5|10849|had a alot of funny parts it was a very funny movie.
5|20752|this movie was inventive, bizzare, and some how lovable, the end was a little weird but good! I didn't expect a musical.
1|15578|What a horrible movie! Leo can't act. There are many holes in the plot. Too big of an age difference between Winslet and DiCapprio. There are too many modern cliches in this early 1900's film. Why didn't Leo have an accent like the others on the boat? I liked the detail of the movie like the props, plates, clothing, etc. It was so long!
5|649|YOU WILL NOT LAUGH / YOU WILL NOT CRY / YOU WILL LEARN BY THE NUMBERS / I WILL TEACH YOU
5|20034|One of the best horror films of recent years, a real groundbreaker. The hype may have killed it but now that the dust has settled, we can watch and enjoy it again. Like the best horror films, this works on the imagination. One of the best films of the 1990s. 
5|16586|Face it yall this movie is 4 black ppl
5|14391|If you haven't had your heart broken as a teen, wanted to fit in with the crowd, own a fast car, or hesitate to leave your friends after you graduate from high school, you couldn't identify with this movie. I'm not a teen anymore, but I sure recall those great memories. Wonderful movie...
5|12938|So in a word- awesome. This movie both put me in a space and story created for me, as well as encouraged my reflections upon my own life. What do I need redemption, how will I create it happening, or will I give into the external negative influences?
5|24252|Absolutly breathtakingly brilliant. A strange and dark science fiction nightmare Cronenberg style. Utterly confusing and down right creepy as hell, this movie will intrigue, stun, disgust and leave you wondering What the hell is th new flesh? Along the lines of David Lynch, who leaves you to answer the questions, Videodrome is an honest to God modern masterpiece of contemporary science fiction. HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!
1|14896|Is Mel Gibson acting out some long suppressed hatred for an old history teacher? That seems like the only explanation for all these unhistorical pieces of crap he does?
1|6105|Real tripe. Starring the worst actor ever puked out onto the public by the Hollywood star system. A tremendous bore.
5|661|this is, i think, the best war movie ever made. i had to struggle with the idea that paths of glory was better when i said that, but they both come from kubrick, so make your own decision. the point is, the direction is all that a combat correspondant could ever, ever hope for. it may not be war, but it is what war should be in the cinema. i read the book it was based on, and while there are differences, i think the movie flows as well as the novel; that is, the division bewteen the boot camp sequences, and the battlefield sequences is essential to illustrate the horror of war, and the degrading, terrible things a man must put himself through to get there. they are essentially a couple. if you look at the sniper in the final run as a metaphor for the enemy , the movie becomes more profound. ultimately, i've watched many a war movie, and i can't think of a better one to recommend, sans politics and propaganda, than this one. 
5|17868|I think that the Shining is one of the greatest horror movies that I've seen. The Simpsons' references to it add to its greatness
1|18074|Misery was a horror movie? I thought is was cheesy drama.
5|12910|Truly one of the best movies ever made. I was one of the few who saw it in theatres and feel better for having seen this cinematic masterpiece on the big screen. I've viewed the movie countless times since it was released and i'm still moved beyond words with each screening. Everything else out there is just a movie, this my friends is art.
5|23515|Carpenter isnt the best director, but the story is genius (Campbell's Who goes there? ) and he totally lucked out getting Rob Bottin and Mike Ploog and Dean Cundy and Morricone's score and the rest. It is a masterpiece. I believe a good movie should affect you. This movie scared the living crap out of me. Bravo!
5|6494|A very nearly perfect film. Watch it on video and use slo-mo and stop action to analyse some of the scenes-- you'll be amazed by Keaton's incredible timing. Unlike Chaplin, Keaton never asked you to feel sorry for him. He was always a tough little guy who was simply determined to do his job. He does it here to perfection. My nomination for the greatest of silent films.
5|4283|This is one of my favorite movies of all time. I never get tired of watching it. It's a nice, fun story with good characters and I'm just a huge sucker for dogs ;0)
5|113|An excellent psychological thriller with fantastic acting.
5|7946| GROUNDHOG DAY IS WITHOUT QUESTION OF THE FUNNIEST AND MOST INVENTIVE COMEDY I HAVE EVER SEEN.....BRILLIANT BRILLIANT BRILLAINT!!!!!
5|23267|One of the finest sci-fi films of the 1950s. It is an adaptation of Shakespeare's Tempest--look for Ariel in the Robot, and if you can't find Caliban, you aren't watching very carefully (I'll give you a hint from Shakespeare--Prospero's comment on Caliban this thing of darkness I acknowledge MINE ) It's a brilliant movie and I wouldn't mind seeing it again right now... oh, and don't forget to notice one of the first all-electronic film scores, eerie and marvelously effective.
5|22179|The Matrix was a great movie that captured the audience's attention for the whole two hours with amazing special effects and an incredible story. I saw this movie four times in the theater because the action was just so great. Keanu Reeves was perfect as Neo, and I found myself feeling just as he felt as he discovered things. Overall, I think this was one of the best movies made last year.
5|12904|I can honestly say that I have never heard anyone say a bad thing about this movie. The message about the triumph of the human spirit contained in it is universal and seems to appeal to everyone regardless of gender, age, race, etc. Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman give fantastic, heartfelt performaces along with their exceptionally strog supporting cast. This is a timeless movie that gets it right on every level - a wonderful version of Stephen King's excellent story.
5|19851|Please, for a minute, forget the fact that the villain is a tooth fairy. When you watch how the directors portrayed this vile snatch of a beast, it is amazing. The first five-ten minutes exhibited the opitamy of setting a dark mood.Moving from a bloody mouth due to a freshly yanked tooth, to a slow, musicless scene of youthful sympathy, and straight a howling, child eating whore in black, screaming and banging on surrounding walls. The wraith was always shrouded in darkness, and expelled hideous shreiks and moans. You never know where she could be hiding. I've noticed how easy it was for the main character to evade the wench, but think about it, he's been running from her for 30-something years. The fool's gotta be good at it! I gave this movie 5 stars because the rest of you not-knowing-a-damn-thing-about-horror-flicks-even-if-you-were-gang-raped-by-Freddy-Jason-3 zombies-and the tooth fairy gave it a shabby rep. Oh yeah...The acting really sucked. Uh...so did the ending. 
5|675|Full Metal Jacket is a good movie showing the Vietnam War. It showed how people survived in Vietnam and what happened through a soldier's eye.
5|19689|This movie put me in mind of all of the horror flicks that I loved as a kid. It's a B-Movie genre and I loved it. Though it's not for everyone, you really have to appreciate the art form here. I would watch it over and over and over. 
1|24772|Only two things kept me watching. 1. Jeremy Irons ridiculously hammy acting. 2. Damodars blue lipstick(wtf?). The dwarf in this movie has to be the lamest dwarf I've ever seen, it would have been awesome if Gimli came into the picture and decapitated him with his axe. 
5|846|During this story, the audience focus is on the boy, and they try to figure out his psychological problem. Why can he see dead people all the time? At the end of the story, the audience will know what the boys' special sense is, the sixth sense. It is a very meaningful movie.
5|17897|ANYTHING I COULD POSSIBLY SAY ABOUT THIS MOVIE WOULD BE A GROSS UNDERSTATEMENT. THIS IS THE DEFINITION OF HORROR. IF YOU WANT TO BE SCARED AND DISTURBED THIS ONES FOR YOU.
5|10120|I love this movie!
5|24285|I see alot of people saying that this movie is a poor sequel. That the acting was poor and the CG wasnt as good as the second movie was. Or that it didnt come up to expectations. Thats really sad that people have nothing better to do than break down every sequence in a movie and thier sequels and rate it like they know how a movie should be made. Its gone from going to a movie, buying some popcorn, watching the end to a trilogy of movies that started in 1997 and ended in 2003. In which the people involved in these movies, worked harder and harder each sequel to produce more stunning effects then they did previously. And saying WOW that was awesome. Your talking about a movie where 80% is done in CGI.And the Zion Fight scene was totally mind blowing. All I could say is holy crap thats freaking AWESOME.Well That is totally awesome, not to mention hard as hell to do. All in the same keeping up with the scripts and the dialogue of the movie. There are alot of sad movies out there that deserve to be put down but this movie isnt a second rate movie thats better to be rented than seen on big screen. This movie did more CGI , Required more on the physical strengths and the abilities of the actors, and stuntmen, and programmers, and builders,designers,artists, and a whole army of people that worked 7 days a week for an entire year to produce a stunning move for your enjoyment. And you guys just sit there and piss and moan about it thats really sad.You complain about the end where the good characters die, Is this star trek? No its not the good guys dont always live, unless your living in a fantasy land where everything is perfect.I knew neo and trinity would die. Neo was a part of agent smith they both were connected by only neo's abilities .In order for smith to die neo would have to go. And would be fair share that trinity and neo die together in the same movie because they were in love and would die for each other. Anyways This movie deserves 5 stars and 2 thumbs up. And is up there in league with Lord Of the Rings and the Star wars movies. If you say you fell asleep in this movie more than likely your attention span is that of a 3 year old. 
5|13429|This was a great movie that took place over a span of about 30+ years. I loved the historical and emotional aspect and how the characters were developed. Everything just hits your heart.
5|7013|Ferris Bueller is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It is a bona fide American classic. Amazingly, that is the way all teenagers feel: how can I get out of going to school today? It is indescribable how funny it is when Ben Stein playing the teacher is standing in front of the class repeating Bueller, Bueller, Bueller, in his monotonous voice. Another great part of the movie is when the principal thinks that Ferris is calling the school and insults the person on the other line. Ferris tries to mellow out his uptight friend, Cameron. The bulk of the movie IS his day off: seeing his father getting into a taxi, going to the Cubs game, singing Twist and Shout with the voice of John Lennon in the middle of a parade float, hurrying home in time so that no one would find out he was feigning illness. When the principal rings the doorbell and it has that recording, you go nuts laughing. A really wonderful movie.
1|20514|No offense... but I thought this was really stupid. The whole plot was pretty pathetic, and the acting wasn't good either. I see it has lots of really good reviews.. I just can't really believe that. Correct me if I'm wrong--this is the one where a girl goes back in time to find a dinosaur egg, or something like that? It was really bad.
5|22192|I am the Matrix! I rule, I rule everything. Cash rules everything around me. Come get the money dollar, dollar, bill y'all.
5|14420|This movie is moving up my favorites list everytime I watch it. The cast is terrific (although, how can you go wrong with Julianne??). It is a wonderful film and definitely deserves more credit and attention than it has received.
5|1304|Pulp Fiction is a classic movie. It combines intensive action with a dynamic plot to provide quality entertainment.
5|20785|An all-star cast. MOST of whom could actually sing well. A fun story that is told through the music where many just HAVE music during the movie. Great fun. Should not be rated so low.
5|5162|THIS MOVIE WAS GREAT!!! I think EVERYONE should go see it!!!!!! It was cute with kid and adult humor! So while the kids are laughing at Angelica falling in the mud, the adults are laughing at Didi yelling at Stew for losing the kids! Definately a perfect movie for the family!!!
5|19104|Great plot, very well done with the structuring of the movie. I recommend this to everyone. Great ending, it was kind of funny and very ironic. Overall, outstanding movie.
5|16237|damn that indian dude who like wrote and directed that movie is a genius. his movies are just so fu**in unique. all the movies are crap now, but damn this movie is phat. 
5|10652|excellent. also preety origional. not many movies are about people who hang out at a mall. it was funny watching silent bob try to use jedi powers. also the stink pawm. i should gag someone with that someday. well here and there this movie has its legendary moments.
5|19110|This movie desreves a 10 it has a very random and intresteing storyline for a horror movie and when they revel the killer it is unexpected i havent seen a horror movie like that in years.
1|20266|I used to be able to say I Know What You Did Last Summer was the worst horror movie ever. At least it tried to develope characters, tried to be interesting, tried to be original. This film misses every beat and fails at even being a movie worth pissing on. If anything I laughed myself silly whenever Dracula himself showed up. He reminded me of Neo from the Matric. Does every actor have to over and under act? There is no middle ground acting wise in this film. This movie only succeeding in taking my money. Now I am a messanger. If you have a taste for unintintionaly funny movies go for it. If you want a good hunk of horror, go rent the Shinning.
5|7761|oh yes I love adam sandler he is fantastic he makes me laugh and my whole family laugh I hope he keeps making more movies and at least one more with bob barker oh yes I even had a dream about him he is great
5|14352|Have to rate this a 5 just because of Ellen Burstyn's amazing acting alone. It is quite unusual to have a movie be so thought-provoking and hopefully will be a wake-up call to some who are into drugs. I had no idea what this movie was about when I put it on and it was surprising, depressing, but very outstanding and well done.
5|6319|A classic that will never die. The black and white version is much better than the newer version. A great movie for every Christmas!
5|24291|As always, Keanu Reeves shines and shines as Neo...
5|8334|Another great movie from the team that brought you Clerks. This is a great ensemble cast who look like they had fun making this movie. Any movie with Jay and Silent Bob can't be all bad. Of course Salma Hayek in a movie can't hurt either.
5|12723|My Opinion is: I live in Canada, I totaly agree with Mr.Moore on the gun control use, their ethics compared to Canadains, how people live in fear,ect. I blame most of it on Their Media (Everytime you turn around their talking about guns,killings,stabings, and to be prepared for things that are slim to happing,I'm not saying they wont just that they take it out of control)And Bush.... Well he puts the fear in GOD!!! What the hell does he think he's doing??? He trys to make things worse then they really are. anyways..I loved the movie and it rocks!!GO MOORE!!!
5|19676|This movie has a great script and very exciting action scene. I loved the way Freddie Crouger was brought to life.
5|17883|The greatness of the film, for me, is demonstrated by the fact that I'm not religious, I find the premise absurd (John Landis made the comment, and I paraphrase, 12-year old girl gets possessed by the devil and goes to pedophile priests for assistance?), and yet I still love it. Stars the great Ellen Burstyn and Max Von Sydow and even non-actor (playwright) Jason Miller is effective. Greatest of all, of course, is the make-up by Dick Smith. Despite all the advances in make-up and special effects that have been made in the years since 1973, this creation has never been matched in terms of sheer, chilling creepiness. This is the kind of no-holds barred movie they just don't make anymore, unfortunately. Can you imagine anyone putting a scene like the one with Linda Blair and the crucifix in a film today? Put this one up against the pitiful pseudo-Exorcist movie that came out last year, and you'll see how markedly the state of moviemaking has deteriorated over the past 20-30 years.
5|10134|Packed full of action. Being a dancer, it was very exciting to me. I like watching cheerleading competitions.
5|5610|Casablanca was one of the classics never to be forgotten. Its quotes and scenes will live forever. Keep playin' it again Sam...
5|18568| This is one of the only two movies that have ever really frightened me. I saw this in second grade it genuenly took my nerves to the breaking point. I finally got up the nerve to see it again in sixth grade and realized this is one of the better haunted house stories ever put to film. Written and produced by Steven Speilberg and directed by the master of the macabre Tobe Hooper the genius behind The Texas Chainsaw Massacre. This film is not just about fright but about family as well. It is as heart warming and funny as it is scary. I highky recommend this film. 
5|9002|Woody Allen's best. Made even funnier when Allen ditched the Academy Awards to play clarinet in a Greenwich Village club.
5|13415|This movie was the most successful playing movie in the theaters. I would recommend this movie to all. I saw the movie three times and purchased the video for my collection. Forrest overcame his handicap, he did not let himself be isolated from people. His mother played an extremely good mentor in his life.
5|6331|as a young person conditioned by today's flashy eye-candy movie-making, i really have to up my patience in order to appreciate most of the classics. even when i do that, a lot of them still strike me as having a little too much hype built around them. but this movie truly impressed me. besides the fact that it managed to keep my attention, it wasn't too feel-good or ambiguous, nor was it presented too matter-of-factly. it also showed the scale of nazi brutality without too much gore.
5|15064|JFK is one of the most compeling dramas I have ever seen.Oliver stone did an AMAZING job with this film as he does with every other movie he does. Probably the Biggest amount of tallented actors I have ever seen: to name a few Kevin Costern, Tommy Lee Jones, Kevin Bacon, Joe Pesci, Sissy Spacek, Jack Lemmon, John Candy, and Gary Oldman. The movie has so much info and takes you Right in the middle of Jim Garrison's investigation; absolutly enthralling.
1|286|No way should this have beaten Traffic for best movie.
5|11202|Great movie! It kept you laughing throughout the whole movie.
5|5638|hitchcock's best film ever. Photographer gets injured, spies on neighbor while neighbor kills his wife and removes her from house. Neighbor finds out and attacks him, gets caught everyone else lives happily ever after. The movie is much more powerful than its summary.
5|17673|This movie is Fantastic! Cate Blanchett and Giovanni Ribsi are Electric together. One of my all-time favorite movies!!
5|18540|I loved this movie because it was unique. The storyline was original and the ending was unexpected. In addition, the acting was also terrific. This one ranks up there with, I Know What You Did Last Summer. 
5|2157|Ah, Wagner's best-known tune accompanying the Air Cav on their way in. A brilliant piece of cinema.
5|18226|Its more funny then scary. Its still one of the coolest movies ever.
5|20961|The dancing in this movie is wonderful. My favorite art is he end when Johnny and Baby are dancing. The music is also great. The movies theme is also very good.
5|19138|I think that Blade was one of the best movies that I've ever seen. It had a lot of action and horror. I think that how he was half vampire was really tight. One of the best.
1|24028|Dragonheart was such a terrible and embarrasing film. The whole entire plot and all of the bad acting, it was just really bad.
5|15702|Very interesting and original. Different perspective on the afterlife. Bound to make one cry.
1|16924|After many Succesful modern day Shakespeare adpatations 10 Things I hate About You (The Taming of the Shrew), Romeo and Juliet (the 1996 version), Hamlet (the 2000 version) they decided to grace our screens with this dribble. I thought that it was far too ambitious using a High School as a back-drop. Mekhi Pfieffer for me was too brutal to play Othello, Josh Hartnett made a good Iago, Julia Stiles a very moderate Desdemona, the only exception was Rain Phoenix who was excellent as Amelia. No thanks I won't be watching this again.
5|1338|Definitely not for the faint of heart like all Tarantino films.This action movie blasted onto the all time great lists.The superb script ,excellant casting and groundbreaking editing and style make this an alltime great and in my opinion overshadows Pulp Fiction as Tarantino's best.
5|13367|By far Tom Hanks best movie. He was amazing. This is what made him a legend. He was sucessfull before the movie, but this performance convinced everyone. I don't know how often I watched that movie, it is timeless. It is an adventure. Definately in my all time top 10.
5|6443|Classic SF from director Robert Wise. Released the same year as The Thing (just as its re-make was released in the same year as ET), this was pretty much the first movie to speculate that they might not be evil BEMs (BugEyedMonsters) after all. Has an advanced and mature message, for Cold War audiences, but still relevant today. Has one of the classic SF robots. Klaatu Barada Nikto 
5|17101|This is one of Stanley Kubrick's best films. This is a sexy mystery/thriller that keeps you thinking. Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman work perfectly together. It's an enthusiastic film that doesn't have to move fast to hold your interest.
5|4254|I think this is a great movie. Although I prefer The Lion King, it's still a beautiful tale of a puppet who wants to be a real boy. Didn't think much of the live action one that was made recently though. Some good songs, it's a classic. I didn't know it was so old, but then again Snow White And The Seven Dwarves and Peter Pan are really old too. Summary: A BEAUTIFUL HEART-WARMING TALE OF A PUPPET WHO WANTS TO BE A REAL BOY. 
5|20975|This is a classic with one of the best soundtracks of all time. Patrick Swayze is hot and the dancing is really entertaining. The plot is interesting as well. I carried a watermelon, a line you will never forget.
1|23753|It was so predictable that I fell asleep- at the movies, and I never do that :)
5|4532|This movie is a real stunner. My Dad loves it almost as much as Toy Story. But I am surprised to see it beat the Lion King
1|292|Stupid inferior remake of Tony Mann's great film The Fall of the Roman Empire. Forget Gladiator, watch The Fall of the Roman Empire. Russell Crowe is idiotic in this film. 
5|13401|its a great movie. tom hanks is so believable that you are beginning to think that the script or maybe the original novel was written with him in mind. director robert zemeckis pulled out all stops for crafting a superb film. robin wright was excellent, and so was computer enhanced gary sinise. this movie by the way has more special effects than the final part of star wars trilogy the return of jedi. all thanks to people in LucasArt, whose magic is woven seamlessly into the movie. its not just a space opera or fantasy flick. its one of those movies where S/FX are mutating out reality. but anyways, i think forrest gump is a great movie.
5|9016|The best movie of all time! Period
5|6325|One of the best, most entertaining and most underrated films ever!
5|22804|I thought this movie was so cute, I could watch it over and over again. The movie was entertaining from beginning to end, never a dull moment.
1|11939|Had it been a bunch of B-movie hacks, maybe I would give it 2 stars. But considering that it had the Coen brothers, Steven Soderburgh, and Tom Hanks involved, this movie squandered all that star power in a very unfunny mess. Very few laughs. And all Marlon Wayans did was launch lines like, F--- the f---ing mother f---er, you mother f---er. After a while, it gets on your nerves. You know, I wouldn't find that funny, even if I was a juvenile delinquent in the hood. My wife was turned off, and a complained, Can we turn this off, before dozing off about a third through the movie. Tom Hanks was miscast and was probably his worst role since Bosom Buddies. An absolute waste of time. After stinkers like this and Intolerable Cruelty, maybe the Coen brothers simply suck.
5|15070|****1/2...***** is this case just because of the fact that they actually went through with the film, and made themselves a final product. Excellent result.
1|5544|Amazing how this movie holds up. The atmosphere alone makes it a must see . Alfred was in top form on this one. A true classic.
5|17920|A Classic in it's time, this movie had everything. However nowadays people who are seeing it for the first time find it *boring* after all they have been raised on Jason, Freddy, and Micheal.
5|16380|It may have not been original in any way but i think CRUEL INTENTIONS was absolutely brilliant. It had a great script,great direction,a fantastic soundtrack and most a great cast( not least the drop dead gorgeous Sarah Michelle Gellar). I LOVE THIS FILM.... 
5|2962|All I can say is that Hannibal is pure, psycological horror of the first rate! If I were a movie critic, I would most likely give Hannibal a B+! Hopkins Moore are excellent together, although Foster would have been much better. Scott redeems himself from Gladiator with this!
5|15689|I believe this is life after death. So of course I love this movie. If I can see some of my beliefs in film I agree to love it.
5|9837|I don't know why, but I loved this movie. Probably because I loved the blond geeky girls who are actually beautiful. Kind of reminded me of myself.
5|14597|This movie best describes the African American society where blacks were all segregated in one area and where chaos drives many of them to violence. True film that shows how bad things were.
1|5222|It sucks! A wannabe pokemon movie.
5|22031|The best of the Alien series of movies.
1|1050|Wow. People actually liked this movie? Amazing!
5|20626|One of my ALL time favorite movies!
5|21538|I think Lord of the Rings is a great game and it is interesting because you get to kill also you can fight orcs.
5|20140|The scariest movie of all time!! You won't feel scared when you watch the movie. The creepiness starts to crawl into your mind when you start talking and thinking abt it after the movie is over. Close to reality, can happen to any of us. Yaiks!!
1|24809|Awful. An amazingly talented cast is wasted completely in this poorly written piece of trash of a film.
1|19236|One of the worst movies I've ever seen.
5|8283|Adorable, hilarious, non-gory Coen brothers. If you're looking for a not too violent, one of the best Coen bros. movie, this is the one. Cage is very endearing in it.
5|4491|Of the recent efforts, this was one of my favorites. Loved the music and the story was lightly Americanized, but kept the flavor of the Chinese legend. Great music.
5|5957|Great performances by Lemmon, Monroe, and to everyone's surprise Curtis. George Raft is great as the villain, and a lot of strong performances by supporting cast.
1|24821|Horrible movie. Bad, bad, Bad!
5|19931|Love it!
5|6286|Even in an age of spectacular realism and special effects, this remains my favorite movie. It captures the hopelessness of men who discover that war has made their existence trivial. Their last shred of humanity is their comradery as they face together the prospect of death every minute of every day along the trenches. 
5|12864|If you don't like this movie then you are a cynical b@stard...or a crooked prison warden. This movie will renew your faith in the power of the human spirit.
5|7198|The only National Lampoon movie worth watching. Hilarious. Reminds me of college.
5|22019|One of the best sci-fi movies ever. I could watch this millions of times.
1|19578|I fell asleep.
1|1078|It had Canadian actors and script, which no one likes. The plot was terrible, yet predictable.
5|10|Perhaps the perfect action thriller movie. Funny, suspenseful, dramatic, action packed. Has it all.
5|2786|This was the best action packed adventure movie I have seen in a long time. Jackie Chan move over! These ladies are hot and they have you sitting on the edge of your seat. Although I know it was a fantasy movie, it strangely made me proud to be a woman. Way to go Drew, Cameron and Lucy!!!!
5|21510|i am so sick and tired of all these fake star wars fans trashing this new trilogy if they don't like it keep your mouth shut go watch glitter this is the best one out of this new trilogy
5|3498|Great movie full of beautiful cars (minus the Civic's which are crap). Anyone who says otherwise doesn't know all that much about cars. (BTW, V8's are much heavier than V4's, so even because they DO have more power, they weigh down the car, which is why a V6 is the best to have, but V4 is definately a better choice than a V8 because of the power one can get from a couple of NOS tanks) I love racing and this movie is a great representation of it. (And another comment, races are very rarely only a quarter mile. If that were the case they would only last 10-15 seconds. If people who claim the first race in the movie was supposed to be a quarter mile, then they obviously don't know what a 10 second car is- a car that can do the 1st 1/4 mile in 10 seconds or less.)
1|443|Horrendous dialogue and poorly crafted antagonists; One of those occasions where the style-over-substance is a bad thing.
5|23313|Edward scissorhands.....haha. AWESOME!
5|6292|So much better than that cinematic tripe from Baz Luhrman...
5|4485|I have loved this movie since I was a child. The imagination of it was on such a grand scale that it just entranced me. The characters, the effects, the wonderful storyline- all of it were so unique for its time period. Even better is the book by Michael Ende. If you enjoy the film, you're sure to love the longer, in-depth, original book version.
5|5943|A story of a seedy character (William Holden) who becomes the companion to a very aged actress (Myrna Loy) who has long been out of the limelight. She has delusions of still being a beautiful and famous star. He uses her and she uses him. A sad depressing story, but still an excellent film.
1|9356|I had hoped to like this movie, but if just had a boring storyline in my opinion. Reese did a good job with what she had to work with, but I'd never recommend this film.
1|24835|Hilariously awful fourth incarnation of the Highlander series. The plot (if it could be called that) is little more than a rushed, contrived and poorly acted segway to the next action scene, none of which are very good. An obviously strained effort to cash in on the TV series of the same name.
5|10054|This is one of my favourite movies. It's really funny and it's sweet too. Adam Sandler does a great job and the little boy in the movie is really cute. This movie is definitely worth seeing.
5|5770|A very good movie. Bette DAvis plays a famous stage actress Margo Channing. Eve is a young actress want to be who claims to be a huge fan of Margo Channing she even charms her way into Margo Channings life by moving in with her as an assistant. Time goes by and we see that Eve is Not the sweet doting fan she pretends to be. It turns out that Eve wants to be an actress and we see she will stop at nothing to get what she wants. Bette Davis is great as the getting older Margo{ if you can call 40 old!}who trusted Eve and was later betrayed by her. Marilyn Monroe has a small role in the movie too. All the actors are good in their roles. A Little too long but a very good movie.
5|932|An excellent film, probably Speilberg's greatest film ever.
1|24606|Probably the worst movie I've ever seen !!!!
5|3301|The coolest movie this summer. Tom Cruise was very cool. The beginning of the movie was awesome. The motorbike chase was again very cool. I'd like to see it again because it is worth another watch.
5|22780|One of the greatest movies ever made. Brought forth a feeling that we are not alone. Sort of like Orson Wells radio broadcast of the aliens attacking.
5|6279|Bogey made a fan out of me with this one. All-male cast - shows Bogey's degradation from a tramp to a greedy, evil tramp - not that great of a transformation, which is why his subtle acting is so stunning. You hate him, but in a wierd way, you root for him. Superb acting by Bogey.
5|14554|If you appreciate what we have and don't take things for granted, this movie will open your eyes. Just keep an open mind, and it is a great movie.
1|3848|If you really want to see a movie about a giant snake that goes around killing people, well, first of all, why would you? Second of all, this isn't the one. Bad effects, characters that you don't care whether they get eaten, etc.
5|1270|A Quentin Tarartino classic turned cult film, which has it all. Pulp Fiction, starring Samuel L. Jackson and John Travolta, features some extremely good acting and directing. Pulp Fiction is a movie that is destined to be a classic, so full of action suspense that you can't only see it once.
5|15892|I SAW THIS MOVIE LIKE 5 TIMES AND I LOVE IT! BRAD PITT IS GR88!!!! hehe
1|18699|This movie gave me vivid nightmares for a week. It had no plot, just gore and blood and psychopaths. I saw the movie almost two years ago and I still get goosebumps when I think about it.
5|4308|This movie was very clever. I was amazed how the writers were able to make it funny for children as well as adults
5|20829|AMAZING MOVIE! MY FAVORITE MOVIE OF ALL TIME, ALL THE ACTRESSES/ ACTORS WERE FABULOUS AND EVERYTHING WAS JUST PERFECT!!
1|1087|awful
5|2779|The movie was action packed, and suspenseful. With Lucy, Cameron, and Drew up front, who wouldn't want to see this?
1|24174|Awful, cheesy, cheap sets that are reminiscent of 50's era B-grade sci-fi; emotionally manipulative storyline with little depth; unbelieveable scenarios that are supposed to make us cheer the good guys, but instead, make us wonder what were they thinking? and finally, a favorly canned ending. Another USA saves the world movie ala Independence Day! 
5|16357|I thought this was one of the best movies I've ever seen. I HATED the ending though. The movie made you think and see things from a different slant. There is some profanity and a few areas that are a little on the sleezy side, if it weren't for that I'd show it to students in school every where. Even with all that I think all kids in 10th grade up should see and discuss this movie-it really makes you think.
5|1264|Quentin Tarantino is an extremely talented director. The time sequence in this movie is especially interesting. Great acting by all in this film
5|9638|This is my favorite movie of all time. I wish more movies like this one would be released. They should definetly come out with a Dumb and Dumber2 because this movie is hilarious.... As for you Mat Mann whoever you are you must have the worst sense of humour ever. If you don't find Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels funny, then just end your life because I'd hate to live a life that is just so dull.
5|7615|Best movie I've seen in some time. I'm not a George Clooney fan, but he was wonderful in this film. It does require some suspension of disbelief (like all movies), but for those willing to provide it, it is well worth the effort. And, no, you don't have to read Homer's Odyssey to enjoy the film.
1|20312|The first one was terrible...why in God's name did they bother to do a sequel?????
5|15138|Munson, I certainly agree with you. Kramer vs. Kramer is a wonderfully touching film, and Justin Henry as the seven year old involved in a custody battle, is brilliant. I think this is one of Hoffman's best films as well. The way his and Meryl Streep's characters are shown as mostly vindictive toward the other, but with an underlying compassion as well as thinking of the child, adds substance to the story. I applaud Kramer vs. Kramer for depicting divorce through a child's eyes so well, that surely even the more hardened of hearts will be affected by it. The best motion pictures do more than merely entertain; they enlighten. Bravo!
5|8240|Been a while since I seen this movie, but I do remember it being hilarious.
5|1502|Without a doubt a five star movie based on a four-star graphic-novel. Yes, that's a big thick comic book. Brandon Lee had just reached stardom after the movie Rapid Fire and then was taken from us during the filming of The Crow. At least he left his mark with it. Great move, killer soundtrack.
5|926|Released in 1975, Steven Spielberg's Jaws set the standard for summer blockbuster movies that we now take for granted. For those who have been too afraid to get in the water, the film is set in the New England coastal town of Amity which is suddenly plagued by a Great White Shark right before the summer season. Police Chief Martin Brody (Roy Scheider) is thereby put in conflict with Mayor Larry Vaughn (Murray Hamilton) who realizes that closing the beaches will devastate the town's tourist based economy. Nevertheless, push eventually comes to bites and Body sets off to kill the shark with ichthyologist Matt Hooper (Richard Dreyfuss) and the crusty old salt Quint (Robert Shaw) on the latter's boat, the Orca. Besides flawless casting, Spielberg uses camera angles, deep focus, contrasting dialogue, and literary and historical allusions and references (eg Moby Dick and the sinking of the U.S.S. Indianapolis) to build tension and mood. For instance, taking advantage of a flawed fake prop, Spielberg shows the attacks from the shark's point of view which adds mystery and the horror of the unknown and uncontrolled. The bottom line is that the music, scenes (eg the battle of the scars), and lines (eg You're gonna need a bigger boat) from Jaws are all now part of the common human experience.
5|3315|I watched the Mission Impossible I before, so maybe this is the reason I keep track of it. It catches your focus from the very beginning. Also, I feel the title it created has a good advertisement effect already.
1|24612|The old version with Charlton Heston, Roddy McDowell surpassed this peace. It was horrible. Get Real Hollywood, you cannot make the best of those past into better. You've proved it with this piece. 
5|19702|Just cause its about Jack the Ripper, does that really make it a horror film? 
5|13561|I loved it and could watch it again and again. Acting fab. all around!
5|9176|This movie is hilarious. I just rented it last night, and it exceeded my very high expectations. How often do you see this combination of a truly original idea, great acting, and great directing? I definitely give points to John Malkovich the actor for agreeing to do this unusual movie. That trip through his subconscious was one of my favorite parts, and it takes an actor with a great sense of humor to go along with it. And even Charlie Sheen gets points for mocking himself in his brief appearances as Malkovich s friend. John Cusak has started getting on my nerves recently, but he does a great job, too, as the tormented puppeteer who suffers from unrequited love. But be warned - this movie isn t for everyone. If you re looking for a standard, by-the-numbers action, comedy, or drama, look somewhere else. But if you re in the mood for something different and strange, this is a great rental. Being John Malkovich is quirky, twisted, and very entertaining.
5|6245|Edward G Robinson was still a gangster in this film but a great religious one to watch, especially the parting of the sea........
5|22964|Experience Charleston Heston at his greatest when he utters the words, leave him alone, you damn dirty ape! Better than Ben-Hur, Heston plays a marooned space captin confused about what planet he has landed on. The question is not where, but when. And with the creepy twilight zone ending, this movie rates 5 bananas!
5|17707|My favoriite slasher series, the first is always the best!
5|2023|Excellent thriller. Must see! Not original at all. It is one scare movie that will scare the viewer.
5|18434|A bit more scarier than The Exorcist. Most creepiest part of the film, the ending.
5|5994|I'm absolutely shocked to see that Witness for the Prosecution has a composite rating of 3.25! How could anyone give this classic movie anything but five stars? It's highly unusual to find a clever plot, witty dialogue, and exceptional acting all in one movie like this. My husband and I watched it for the first time last night, and we were glued to the screen. There wasn't a dull moment in the entire show. We especially enjoyed watching the hilarious interactions between Sir Wilfred and his nurse. The various twists and turns in the plot kept us guessing 'til the end, which was fun. If you haven't seen this movie, you really should rent it.
5|4334|funny, and all of the people in a family would like it 
5|20815|Loved it! Catherine Zeta-Jones was wonderful, wonderful, wonderful!
5|14568|Cast Away still has me thinking about what life would be like living on a deserted island for 4 years with practically nothing. Tom Hanks did a spectacular job in this role. The movie was very realistic both in the beginning, middle, and end. I know many people didn't like the end, I thought it made the movie even better cause lets face it, not everything has a good ending and it made it realistic. The special effects were good and I liked how the dialog was minimal as well as the musical score. This movie was wonderful
5|13207|This is tied for my #1 movie with The Shawshank Redemption (1994).
5|9610|I love this movie! Jim Carey and Jeff Daniels both do a great job playing a couple of bumbling fools with sub-human intelligence. The writers did a great job of putting jokes in the script as much as possible, yet tying everything together. I'm tired of people who insinuate that one's preference in entertainment has anything to do with intelligence. Of course this movie is ridiculous and stupid, but it's also hilarious. Dumb and Dumber is not meant to be a cinematic masterpiece; it's supposed to be funny and entertaining, which it definitely accomplished. I'm not going to say that if you hated this movie, you have no soul or sense of humor or anything like that. Different people laugh at different kinds of comedy. I'm just saying that from my end, I can't imagine why someone wouldn't find this flick funny.
5|6523|The 1925 Scopes Monkey Trial on Evolution in Tennessee is populated by a galaxy of stars lead by Spencer Tracy. This subject is more relevant today than when the movie was made in 1960. Stanley Kramer directed.
5|15676|Great performances and a true story that are tough to beat;Gooding and DeNiro at their best.
5|9604|Without a doubt the funniest movie of all time. Jim Carey is maybe the funniest person ever, and Jeff Daniels isn't to shabby either. I have to say it is ridiculus that this movie is rated as low as it is. There are many classic scenes in this movie, and it should be listed #1. Dumb and Dumber should get the recognition it deserves.
5|7629|Timeless masterpiece...that's all that can be used to describe this film.
5|15662|Besides being entertaining, this movie had many messages within it that came across in subtle ways. It clearly and effectively conveyed the meaning of love. Insight was needed to understand such messages, but it was well worth it.
5|19058|A great movie to wach.
1|6918|Ignorant, lowest common denominator crap. I knew better jokes when I was in Grade 5.
5|20801|Honestly one of my favorite movies. The songs are very well written and the acting is pretty good. Very few times in life does one come upon a movie they don't get tired of. For me, this is one of them.
5|4320|Great movie. I havent met a child that doesnt like it, and the only adults that dont like it are compaining about Adult Jokes. True, there is adult humor, but is well written so that young children will not be scandalized. They remain as innocent as they were before, and adults can sit with their children and watch the movie together.
5|2751|The movie was great! The martial arts looked sort of fake at sometimes but it was still great! 
5|5980|the only classic movie that makes one laugh out loud after repeated viewings !! Well deserves all the praise it has received.
1|20448|With a great cast who would have thought this movie could be soooo bad! 
5|6251|DeMille's last film and he pulled out all the stops. Moses turned his back on a privileged life to lead his people out of Egypt. It has an exceptional cast and the parting of the Red Sea rivals any modern special effects. Especially loved Charlton Heston and Anne Baxter. Oh Moses, Moses, you stubborn, splendid, adorable fool! 
5|23139|I loved this movie from the first time I saw it at teh age of nine, it took me away to this fantastic world where reality had no bearing, and David Bowie wore tights!!! grins although I didn't notice how great they looked on him till a few years later. All in all it's an awesome movie
5|14795|The thing I like about Sergio Leone is that when watching his movies,and especially this one, you have the feeling that he holds nothing back in terms of reality.I mean, this man would be capable of showing s**t in his movies,if it serves a artistic purpose.But it is not realistic a la news,it is also full of poetry,feelings,imagery.This combo between gritty realism and feelings is mastered uniquely by Leone.As for the actors...LOVED every performance.Even the very small roles were excellent.1 last word: WOW!
5|6906|Funniest movie ever made. Leslie Nielsen rules. The Zucker brothers rule. They created this silly and irrelevant masterpiece. Impossible not to laugh unless you are a corpse.
5|22227|Incredibly good. Suspenseful, creative, decent science fiction, and well acted. Who would have thunk the movie would feature 2 future Governors (It would have been 3 as they originally cast Jim McGreevey as the Predator's boyfriend). Apollo Freakin Creed was in it too. This movie drips with testosterone.
5|11835|Under-rated film that is destined to earn a cult following in the future.
5|4877|The saddest movie I have ever seen.
1|3337|Sorry, I hated this film. It was very loud, brutal, violent, and WAY too long. The movie ended after an hour, then ended 45 minutes later, then ran out of steam FINALLY after about three and a half hours. As Roger Ebert once said, you can tell a movie is bad when you look at your watch. Then look at it again. Then shake it to see if it's stopped. I would go on about historical inaccuracies.... This movie couldn't seem to find a time setting. There were Native Americans doing MARTIAL ARTS. And the Wolf itself, some kind of giant [badly done] CGI badger with armor obscuring you from seeing it (when you finally do see it, they use the standard hiding the monster bit for most of the film). If I had to say anything, the photography, settings, and costumes were beautiful. But when the only way you can validate a film is the costumes, you know the plot and chaarcters are lacking. I was completely surprised. I expected a sensible, well-done French Film. What I got was a nonsensical American-style blockbuster.
5|12482|Much better than I expected. Excellent! The story, casting, and cinemaphotography were all great. This will definitely go down in history as one of John Singleton's greatest movies.
5|23887|In my opinion, Gattaca is the best movie made out of the whole decade of the 90's. It has such an original script, and Andrew Nichol is now at the top of my favorite Directors list, and I base that on this movie alone. There are very few movies that I can say are perfect, but this is one of them. Anyone who hasn't seen it should go rent it immediately.
5|13944|It's great because it shows how a man can change into something unexpected. He also gets the chick.
1|2029|What Lies Beneath was a terrible movie which attempted to be scary but failed miserably. The movie blatantly foreshadowed everything that was going to happen, insulting the audience. The used classic techniques which gave everything away.
5|8081|I would consider this an action movie as much as a comedy movie, but, either way, it is absolutely great and Eddie Murphy's finest performance. You had to love the Axel Foley laugh and the soundtrack is vintage 80s. Unfortunately, it seemed like Murphy lost his edge after this movie and wasn't funny again until Nutty Professor (although BHC2 was pretty good).
5|22555|Micheal Keaton did the best job of portraying the comic book character. The director kept the original aspects of Batman while giving new character and flavor. The first of a four part series, this one set the tone for the rest. Jack Nicholson does a classic performance as a villan. Special effects added to total fun.
5|13788|Another fantastic adaptation of Stephen King's masterpiece.
1|16307|I really can't see what all the hype is about -- this movie was no different than any Sunday school class or biblical epic from years gone by; it just had more blood and gore. There was violence for violence's sake, and all Gibson did was tell us a story we already know; yet, it's a story that is uncontested. The subtitles were distracting and took a lot away from the performances given by the actors. The saddest part is Gibson's statement (along with his father) that the Holocaust was a mainly fictionalized event -- but unlike the death of Christ, we actually have documented evidence of the Holocaust. It sickens me that Gibson is making so much fortune off a film about a religious figure. Kind of ironic, is it not?
5|18805|I've just seen the Original Japanese version (Ringu, 1998 - http://us.imdb.com/Title?0178868). The movie was very quiet(!), but scary like hell. Look forward to see the american copy (some reporters say this is even a better film)! 
1|14276|Pathetic.What is so great about this movie?
5|17288|One of the few foreign movies I have seen only. I hate having to try and follow the actions in the movie and read the subtitles. Other than that, this was a great movie. I really enjoyed it in both the drama and the history.
5|259|I loved watching Braveheart. I watched it at least eight times. Mel Gibson is a really good actor and he did a good job directing the film. I think Braveheart is one of the greatest action movies ever.
5|14781|I loved this movie. I recently rented it and it was one of the best movies I've seen in a long time. The setting of this movie is wonderful. It takes place in a small french village and it is absolutely beautiful; it made me wish I was there. This movie had a great message to it, and the differences in the characters was enlightening.
5|6912|Much better than the diaster movies it parodies. One would think after the terrrorist attacks on 9-11, this movie would not seem as funny, but somehow it survives with its humour intact. Very funny and well worth watching when it is often repeated on TV.
1|8538|Obnoxious chick flick. I hope Meg Ryan's next flight crashes in a cannibal country.
5|21712|Froda and sam hardly ever fight any thing, they go on a big safari draging a bald kate moss with no make up along with them. They can barely make it up the mountain cause frodo keeps passing out like he's got a dodgy red lobster wanting to come up, and yet these two seem to be the ultimate heros. The real heros are the others left to deal with all the Iraqi insurgents on prehistoric elephants. Food for thought. 
5|18193|I'm a sucker for zombie movies, and this one is by far the best. Real characters, great acting, scary zombies, and a realistic solution to an unreal problem. Definitely worth it to rent or buy at any price.
5|271|How rare is it to come across an Oscar-worthy action movie, let alone one that appeals to both men and women? Braveheart is a rare creation. Mel Gibson, who also directed the movie, brings the spirit of William Wallace to life. I have no sense of the historical accuracy, and it's always kind of annoying when movies portray an entire country (England, in this case) as 100% evil, but other than that Braveheart has few flaws. Great action scenes, high quality acting, two beautiful women, a dramatic story with good guys to root for and bad guys to hate - Braveheart has it all, including a message about freedom that somehow manages to get through without being overly corny. Even a good historical action movie like Gladiator can't hold a candle to Braveheart - further testimony to Gibson's achievement.
5|14971|It shows the American Independence which was very informative and depicted. It has a very good screenplay. The roles played were superb, and the effort shown in presenting the struggle was outstanding.
1|18464|not good, Now watch Texas Chainsaw Masacure, now that was a pretty good movie!
5|1933|This was my favorite movie. I loved the special effects. My favorite actors John Travolta and Nicholas Cage are wonderful actors and was worth seeing over and over again.
5|6084|It is a topical (well, it was at the time) well constructed story that dealt with the problems America was just beginning to come to terms with- gangs and racial prejudice!! Plus, the score was Hip, Daddio! I liked the story taken from Shakespeare and modernized. I still sing songs from the score.
1|9140|This film was a real low point in the movie careers of my favorite group of British nuts. It has the distinction of being the only Monty Python movie I truly did not care for. The classroom sex education demo skit sunk way too low on the common decency scale to even get an embarrassed laugh out of me and I will confess to overlooking and being guiltily amused by some fairly crude things in my time. Should be re-titled The Lack of Meaning of Complete Raunchiness or How to Let Your Lifelong Fans Down well, at least one anyway.
5|517|Astonishing movie, from the virtuostic direction and film editing to the brilliant ensemble cast. My only (minor) complaints are about the soundtrack. First off, it is a little too relentless. The pop songs are NONSTOP. Secondly, for most of the movie, the music parallels the setting, but towards the end, the music and the era that is being depicted are a mismatch. Still, a brilliant movie from Scorcese, as good as Taxi Driver, maybe better.
5|4693|It was a good movie. The acting was great, and it was a good adaptation to the book. It's worth watching.
5|5599|One of my favorite, definitely my favorite classic film. The love between Bogart and Bergman is truly unique and the dialogue is without equal. There are a number of great scenes, particularly the last. This movie more than lives up to its reputation.
5|4687|great movie!!!!!!
5|1927|It just keeps you interested throughout the whole movie. A lot of great twist.
5|23677|I FF thru it just to watch Brad and Bruce's dialogue in the insane asylum. I think its the best Brad has done.
5|6090|This is the best movie musical ever made even though Natalie Wood was lip-synching.
5|24118|An instant classic!
5|1099|One of my favorite movies made by man. Al Pacino was as convincing in this movie as The Godfather. I always tell the truth even when I lie, -Al Pacino (Tony Monatana) 
5|8903|This movie rocks!!!! It is awesome a must go see for everyone. I love this movie it is funny and witty. Guy Richie, i want to do him.
5|14965|Mel Gibson still has it. He is inspirational, moving, and emotional all at the same time.
1|3479|Tomorrow Never Dies is one movie that should run to the grave and die, because it's not good at all. Pierce Brosnan should quit the job, because he stinks as James Bond. He can't fight the way that Roger Moore did or get the ladies like George Lazenby did.
1|22920|I mean honestly, KUBRICK is not that good at all. He has always been overrated, and especially this particular movie of his. It sucked real bad, and this is honestly one of those times when I can say the word suck, and that is exactly what this movie did..it was just horrendous in every way. It started out wierd, and ended wierd. Most people would be confused by this whole atrocity, so I don't recommend it to anyone. It is the beginning of many bad movies by this director....
5|21706|Great movie and riveting as all other installements in the series...Highly recommend it...I mean I am not someone that likes this sort of genre but couldn't be torn away once I watched the first one...
5|265|An amazing film. Braveheart has a little bit of everything - love, vengeance, patriotism, loyalty, betrayal - and it is all carried off beautifully by Mel Gibson in his role as William Wallace, leader of the Scottish resistance against British rule. Unlike many current movies, the violence of Braveheart actually seems to fit the plot. The battle scenes are shockingly realistic, and I found myself believing that the strength, charisma, and intensity of one man could actually turn the tide in battles that were decided by will more than anything else. I can't wait to see this movie again.
5|18187|How can you not LOVE this movie! I have seen it 72 times and I think it is wonderful. It has all of the qualifacations for a horror/zombie movie! It is really cool! Plenty of gore too
1|15154|Show me the value!! This catchprase-originating movie isn't worthy of doing so. Bad all around.
5|5214|Another superb Pokemon motion picture, this one has it all. Great action, slick animation, good humor and even cool music. The plot involves a little girl unleashing the psychic energy of the mysterious Pokemon, Unown. She imagines the legendary Pokemon, Entei as her father. Meanwhile, our heroes are proceeding through the town where all this is happening...Team Rocket has some great lines where they break the fourth wall with style, and of course, you have Brock hitting on girls. Finally, the animation is smoother than the early episodes, especially during the battle sequences.
5|10530|This is one we try to catch every Christmas. Kevin gets left alone, and he winds up fending off crooks who are trying to clean the place out. Some of it is barely believable, and credibility is stretched to the limit, but put your brain on hold for an hour and a half and you'll probably enjoy this.
5|8730|I did not want to see this when it came out in the states over the summer, but ended up seeing it in Dublin when I was over there in the fall. I haven't been to a comedy in the cinema in a long tiem where everyone laughed so loudly as they did there. I had such a good time seeing it. It just kept getting funnier and funnier. It doesn't really stand a second watching, though.
1|20104|I rated this movie a 1 because it looked so fixed and fake! I'd have to admit that some parts freaked me out, but as I read magazines and stuff it made it look so fake and fixed.
5|13039|I guess this movie was too much for Dart to understand.
5|14756|IMHO so far it's the best movie I've seen in cinemas in the year 2001. True that it hasn't been a great year, but true also that this is a good film. Good storyline, good script, wonderful acting (Jude Law and Ed Harris), good score.
5|1714|An amazing film ,Ridly is a master
5|14030|One of my favorite dramas. It is the definition of stunning. Beautiful film.
5|12441|THis is super good! Nicholas Cage preforms at his best. Suspense, humor, romance, everything in one movie. I completley I forgot i was in a theatre b/c I never got bored and moved my eyes from the screen! People ages 6-60 were in the theatre!
5|8056|Wow, what a surprise. A totally entertaining movie. Not only did it make me wish that I had a large family around me, but made me incredibly hungry for Greek food. What a pleasure to have an enjoyable, loving movie without special effects and lots of sex and four letter words. So delightful that I saw it 3 times and I now own the videotape.
5|3103|This movie was great! It was very realistic and touching.
5|11148|It was very funny and I liked it Mike Myers is very funny.
5|5572|It's surprising, when you look at a film like this that is so well-entrenched as a classic and realize it still has great power and has not aged at all. Everyone should see this masterpiece at least once in their lives. Multiple viewings recommended. It's #2 on the AFI list for a reason.
5|10256|When I went to go see Coyote Ugly I just thought that it was going to be about the bar. But it was really about one girl who worked in the bar and her struggle to be a songwriter, which made it that much more interesting. All of the jokes and plot twists kept your attention and emotions one the edge of your seat.
1|15815|This movie was just creepy.....I can't believe I sat through the whole thing.
5|4678|Aliens are certainly not my thing but this movie was so cute you didn't notice they were aliens. For anyone with a sister or a mom who's like a sister, you'll definitely relate! Very cute movie!
5|5566|This movie works on so many levels. First there is not one bad or boring scene in it. It hooks the viewer from the beginning. Second you have to appreciate the history behind the film, and admire the fact that some of the lines were written an hour before they aired and they are still quoted today. Finally you have to understand and appreciate the time the film came out right during World War II. For Warner Brothers this was just another movie, they had no idea the impact it would make. So why is this such a great movie? It's a story of having loved and lost, of trust and betrayl, of loving two men and doing the honorable thing. The characters are ambigious. There is no true fleshed out hero or villian. It has one of the greatest casts of any film Humphrey Bogart, Ingrid Bergman, Paul Henreid, Claude Rains, Conrad Veidt, Dooley Wilson, S.Z Sakall, Sydney Greenstreet, and Peter Lorre. They each give a memorable performance. Once you watch Casablanca you don't forget it.
1|21568|First let me say that I have been reading Sci Fi and Fantasy for 35 years but this movie was BORING...it was WAY to long with to many bloated scenes
5|8042|This movie lived up to the hype. The character driven comedy was very funny and the overall feel of this film was charming. One of the best things about it was the fact that they didn't follow the usual romantic comedy plotline. These two never broke up because of a misunderstanding and got back together like all those other movies. This is a smart, well put together comedy worth watching a time or two.
5|12333|Amazing, dramatic story about several different people all with different ethnicities, backgrounds, and life styles. Excellent performances by everyone. This movie gives a powerful message of the current realities of racism in America. A must see all the way!
5|7417|I thought that this is one of the best romantic comedies since As Good As It Gets . It is rather coincidental that both of these films revolve somewhat around animals (the dog in As Good As It Gets and Jinxy The Cat in this film). I thoroughly enjoyed this film and laughed my tail off from start to finish- there were a lot of funny and memoriable parts that will always stick with me when I think of this film. The acting was supurb and this movie was great- anyone who thinks otherwise is just a Focker.
5|1066|Amazingly original (I don't care if it was based on a true story). By far the Coen's best film. Acting turns by Steve Buscemi, Frances McDormand, and Bill Macy all sublime. Superb writing and direction by the Coens. What other movie packs as much suspense, social satire, thrills, and hilarity into such a tight package? I can't think of one.
5|14742|It's a great movie about being a working mom. The portrayal of this sharp tongued character who is quick to take offense, but still manages to enlist people in her cause was incredibly effective. I could have done with less of the bra straps showing all the time.
5|18178|Original: Amazing. One of the best zombie movies ever made. Remake: pretty good in its own way. I would give it 2.5 stars.
5|19266|Micheal RULES!
5|15474|One of the best movies ever made. Brought many tears to my eyes. The acting was the best I've ever seen. One of the few movies I consider perfect.
1|2968|This is the worst example of a violent movie I've ever watched! I hate violent movie, think it's totally unnecessary silly, it's only provoking the society to do more crime. In Hannibal they're eating human brain mass (even a little boy!), they're slicing of the top of a madman's head so on. How can this be entertainment??? 'HughJackman's mate ' must be a very unintelligent man! :-(
1|21226|Painfully bad. The music is a mix of good and very bad. The actual movie is just ridiculous.
5|6721|Burt Lancaster is in his film debut in this Hemingway story about the criminal investigation of a murdered boxer. Lots of other good folks including Ava Gardner.
5|2547|I searched for this movie high and low - finally got it (on video). My daughters enjoy Jackie's movies very much. This one is my favorite. I laughed throughout the whole movie. Jackie and Owen should go for another great movie like this one. I especially like the NO sexual scenes, NO (excessive) abusive speech. Thanks 
5|5228|This movie sucked so bad that I have no choice but to give it 5 stars.
5|21909|I love this movie. One of the best action movies ever.
5|11612|I didn't see the play, didn't read the play. But I thought this story was hilarious. I'm buying the video.
5|4136|Exceptional movie with great acting by Gene Wilder. The whole concept is wonderful and it is a good way to get away from the real world and lose yourself in a world of imagination. If somehow you haven't already seen this movie purchase it immediately and see for yourself how terrific it is.
5|3659|As corney as all the Rambo movies are, they are fun to watch. Yes I agree they are complete bulls**t but still cool to watch. Even if you think it sucked as a movie, you still were entertained. A good corney set of flicks.
5|4650|This is a funny short movie. The claymation was great. It is wonderful how many great things that you can do with clay especially how Nick Park does this. I like Gromit the best and how the penguin drove him out of the house and messed with the electronic doggie walker trousers and used them to steal a diamond from the museum. Very cute and funny.
5|18636|Wowee!This is a fantastic ghost story that recalls Turn of the Screw and other traditional horror films.Very well made and acted.
5|17505|This quietly observant tale of an elderly Japanese couple who visit their(adult)children in Tokyo,but find only their widowed daughter-in-law makes them welcome,is among the most humane,wise and poignant films ever made,rightly considered a true masterpiece of world cinema.(voted 3rd best film in the Sight and Sound international poll,1992).It also happens to be my wife's personal favourite.
5|1728|Don't ever go swimming in the reactor if you have metal hands.
5|6047|It's a stretch to find Grace Kelly and Coop tying the knot but the story is tense and exciting. I guess in the West, such a vast difference in age was not uncommon. The real time moving of the clock is a classic. The score is terrific and the cameos of the slew of character actors really add to it. Coop won a well deserved Oscar.
5|13763|The Green Mile is without a doubt one of the best movies I have ever seen. It was nominated for a few Academy Awards, and I personally think that it deserved Best Picture (don't get me wrong, American Beauty was great, but I think this was better). It's got an impressive cast - Tom Hanks, Michael Clarke Duncan, James Cromwell, Doug Hutchinson - and the way that Death Row (E Block) is represented is beyond the mortal imagination of most human beings. Both the inmates and the guards are humanized, and it shows the horrors of the electric chair and the many ills of our death penalty system. John Coffey the character is an almost nonfictional representation of anyone who has ever been wronged by the criminal justice system. I applaud the director and actors. Take care, everyone!
5|7359|Absolutely hysterical. It stars Ron Livingston, Gary Cole Jennifer Aniston. Ron plays a guy who just doesn't like going to work....so he decides simply not to go anymore. One of the funniest movies I've ever seen. It's written by Mike Judge (Beavis Butthead) and based on the comic strip Milton. Highly reccomended.
5|15312|Without question this was the most DOCILE character portrayl I've ever seen Sean Connery play ..Ever...! However, did I mention how beautifully Sean portrayed his character? It was refreshing to see a white honkie become genuine friends with a black kid too. We need to get more of that out here in life... and start letting go of racial prejudice. That garbage has been run in the dirt...! A very touching motion picture, Finding Forester. 
5|14018|I think this movie was the best movie of the year.
1|11497|Good lord--why anybody thought this movie was funny was beyond me. The first movie in a long time where I was ready to walk out of the theatre. The jokes were overdone and cloying--most of the time I was embarrased for the actors trying to pull off this flop. An enormous disappointment from Mr. Stiller whose other work I enjoy greatly.
5|6053|A quintessential western/suspense story. The idea to have the film take place within itself (the length of the film dictates how much time the marshall has until high noon) was absolutely brilliant on the part of the producers. And of course, there is Grace Kelly, in her her lead role, looking and sounding as best as she's ever been. Her performance in High Noon is one of the best in movie history.
5|13777|I think that this movie is a must-see! It has like comedy and like sad stuff at the same time. to me i couldnt watch this movie again but it was awesome the first time. I dont know how to rate this, i guess u have to see it yourself, because its hard to rate it without like ruining suprises.
1|10789|Just a really ignornat, mindless romp! Will Ferrell running around naked was embarassing.
5|4644|The one where they went to the moon was pretty corny, but the other two were pretty funny English comedies. Can't wait for the movie in October.
5|18622|This film was one of the best in the past few years especially in this genre. While it's difficult to label it 'horror', it certainly doesn't lack in suspense. Based on a popular foreign fim, it has a fantastic storyline carried by a strong cast. Kidman shines as the neurotic, anxious mother and the children are surprisingly talented. I actually wasn't bored by this film at all and I thought the director did wonderfully at creating the dark, melancholy aura. The plot twists, the subtle jumps it causes and the fine acting all make it a film not to miss.
5|18144|please ignore the morons before me who give this one star. this is a GREAT movie. yes, it is slow. no, it is definitely not dull. it builds. it is creepy. i rented this from the library never having heard of it before. i was glued from the opening credits. polanski didn't equal this effort again until the recent excellent the pianist
5|17277|A great recent foreign movie.
5|3895|The Lion King is my favorite animated Disney film. It has great storylines, good writing, good music, powerful messages for its viewers. The characters blend well with the plot. I like the fact that it covers the life cycle really well: antelopes eat grass, antelopes are eaten by lions, when lions perish they before grass, which antelopes eat. WOW, that a breath of fresh air. This movie is truly a classic for generation to come. May it never be forgotten!
5|4122|This isn't even out in backward old England but I'm sure it will be great. I mean it has Johnny Depp in it, what more do you want!
1|19975|Worst horror film ever made, hands down. When a horror movie relies only on CGI computer animation for chills, it is a failure. Computer based images are not scary, because they are transparent and incredibly obviouse. That and the script sucked. The only true horrorfying moments in this movie came from the sh*t dialouge and the idea that a major studio would pump out such garbage that has no redeeming quality. I will never forgive the creators of this film for calling it a horror movie. This is pre packaged cotton candy bull sh*t for the brain dead.
5|13011|the best of the best
5|8068|One of the most charming movies to be released in a very long time. Cinderella and Ugly Duckling stories have a new treatment in this glorious celebration of Greek culture and their lovely families. Nia Vardalos and Michael Constantine shall be remembered at Oscar time...and I dare say...they will be rewarded. 
5|6045|Great movie. Superb acting and script. If you like Tom Clancy novels or political thrillers, check out this movie. Not particularly appreciated by Communist apologists, but one of the all-time great movies. The really amazing thing is that Hollywood made it, even back in 1962.
1|12188|I wish we could rate topics in the negatives, I would have to rate this a -5 then. The plot was a joke, thank god Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels didn't accept this sequel. It still would have sucked.
5|17507|In a traditional Danish farming community,a severe father forbids one of his 3 sons to marry the daughter of a man of different religious convictions. Not likely to appeal to viewers with a low attention span or fans of breakneck-speed action(and a film which i was certainly slow to appreciate),this simple tale of faith does ask for thoughtful concentration.Its virtues -exquisitely composed decor and exceptional control of black,white and grey tones-unfold slowly,quietly,to almost transcendental effect.As one director asked, how can such perfection exist? .
5|11176|It was good, but not as good as the 1st Nutty Professer. Go see it if you want a good laugh, though!
5|11610|Love it! 
5|2545|I did not want to see this movie at all, but I really enjoyed it once I watched it.
5|18152|Gets better every time I seeit. Only movie where I can tolerate Mia Farrow. Her line what have you done with his eyes? haunts me for some reason. I love the is she paranoid? are they a coven? are they plotting against her? is she just mental? is the pregnancy affecting her? is she having a crisis of faith? is marriage really worth it? how much should we know our neighbors? how much should we question our doctors? do some people succeed in life and others fail because of a secret covenant? is religion nothing more than an approved form of a secret society? what is a woman's worth? and the greatest question, never answered, does a mother know when she's raising a horror, and how far will she go to protect it? The last question is the most profound one for me that this movie asks. The movie is chock full of images, dialogue, and symbols that question all these things. I like how Polanski integrated the seasons and NY into the plot - the seasonal thing is so subtle u don't realize it spans 9 months. An all-time great. Much, much richer and deeper than simply a horror movie.
5|17261|Akira Kurosawa's SEVEN SAMURAI is an inspired epic, a triumph of art, and an unforgettable three-hour ride I will never forget. It is one of the greatest films ever made by any director. I have is movie on DVD and I watch it once every month and found I will never love a movie more then I love Kurosawa's SEVEN SAMURAI. This movie is a must have in your movie collection.
5|14768|A wonderful movie. It gives a slightly different twist to history.
1|16488|This movie sucked!! I watched it because my daughter loves it, but I just thought it was terrible. Partly because I can't follow Shakespeare quite that quickly and partly because Shakespeare's version was a love story- this version was a story about gangs.
5|13007|'The Godfather' is simply one of the greatest (if not the greatest ever). This movie has it all, and anyone who has ever sat down to watch it is immediately pulled into the world of the Corleones for the entire length of the movie. With the mixture of storyline and casting, along with the light and dark, this movie captures the very essence of what filmmaking is all about and more. 'The Godfather' is art at its finest- MAGNIFICENT!!!
5|15476|It's a film to watch and experience a surprising change of heart a man on death row can have. Watch it and learn how to forgive anyone!
5|6737|It's a top, top, top, top notch movie!!
5|13013|Very finely crafted movie, with not a weak performance to be seen. Caan is perfect as Sonny, and Pacino has his breakout performance as Michael. This, with the sequel are possibly the best pair of movies ever made. The third one, however, is just mundane.
5|7429|CAN YOU DEAL WITH THAT!
1|19977|Not good at all. Hella sucked too. Much computerized graphics. Story didn't make any sense. Was hella gay and the actors couldn't act at all.
5|3897|omg this movie is awesome, but bambi is defintatley better. For those who haven't seen bambi, see it. For those who didn't cry when they saw it, watch it again you cold hearted sob!
5|2551|It was the best movie i have ever seen it was funny when the guy gave him chop-sticks to dig himself out and when the outher guy peed on his shirt
5|17275|I love this movie. It wasn't an easy film to get into at first, but I was soon hooked and I have loved it ever since. I have tried to show it to other people, and they have ended up falling asleep while I was riveted to my seat watching Peter Lorre in his brilliant performance. This was the film that both made him and broke him as an actor, in that it established him as a great actor but gave him the evil, creepy bad guy character type that he was never able to fully break away from.
5|18620|This movie is simply amazing! A very exciting plot with a shocking twist at the end. Nicole Kidman gives a wonderful, brilliant performance, as do the two children, and everyone else in the movie. The candlelight setting and the music add to the suspense. I highly reccomend this thrilling movie. I just want to watch it again and again!
5|17513|Luis was onto something with this...only this film and possibly eraserhead truly illustrate surrealism as a medium through the 20th century. this will trip most people out though, so the viewer must be an objective one.
5|5558|This is one of two of my favorite movies. Humphrey Bogart was at his very best as the cynical and disillusioned Rick Blaine, who is brought back to life, so to speak, by love and and a cause which is bigger than him. What is amazing about this movie is that the script was written daily. Not even the writers knew how this movie would end. It is a testament to the talent of all involved that this movie was even made, let alone become a classic for the ages. My personal favorite scene was when, Paul Heinred as Victor Lazlo and Conrad Veidt vied for dominance with their respectives patriotic songs. It was an unbelievably inspiring scene. No one but Ingrid Bergman could have portrayed Ilsa, she owned the role. This movie also included one of my favorite character actors, S.Z. Sakall as Carl. It was movie making at its finest. 
5|9362|Finally! A movie about a girl who's just like me! This movie is so wonderful, Reese Witherspoon is great and there are lots of funny moments. (Can you say bunny outfit?) I'll definatly be watching this one over and over again until I get bored of pink or/and grow up.
5|13775|This was an amazing movie! I don't see how neone could say this wasn't GREAT! It kept me mesmerized throughout the entire thing.
5|5570|This movie is brilliant. It's a real classic.
5|3101|Your famaliar mochismo guy finds a heart action movie. Well made. Special effects don't look corny, Tad unrealistic in places, but definately worth watching in the theatre or on DVD.
5|13985|A great movie that involves one man's struggle to cope with his own inability to pursue success due to personal insecurities of not only trust, but his own incapability to move forward in life.
5|12443|Great movie, but I wanted more of the family/personal life. 
5|6079|A great musical!
5|1716|To all the Soldiers of Task Force Ranger in Somalia, the Delta Troops, SFC Randy Shuggart and MSGT Gary Gordon. This was a VERY well put together movie and it is my ALL TIME fav. The men that fought and died in Somalia deserve to be imortalized for what they did for the man next to them. *Salute*
5|1070|This movie is terrific! I love the dark humor and nuances. The characters are unique, quirky and so memorable. Frances McDormand is fantastic as the pregant sheriff, one of the most unique film characterizations in recent years. This movie turned me on to the Coen brothers, and while I've enjoyed most of their other films, this is their supreme achievement.
1|21218|One of the crappiest musicals of all time. Based on a totally trivial premise, i.e., the life of a notorious striptease artist, the only redeeming feature of the story is that it provided a view of that time in American entertainment history when vaudeville faded (for good reason) and the first tame steps toward salacious fare surfaced. The songs are terrible. Rosalind Russell overacts, oversings, overemotes and shouts her way straight through this turkey: instead of coming across as a memorable and remarkable woman, her performance is a flop-sweat approximation of a shrill, pushy, obnoxious, proud, vain, self-centered would-be martyr menopausal biddy. Enough to make you puke. Natalie Wood, usually a fine actress, is miscast in this one, and as a result, isn't too convincing. Karl Malden puts in his typical stolid, measured workmanlike role, and as such, puts in the best performance. It's a wonder they did a remake of this carwreck: maybe they figured that for once, they could top the original. It wouldn't be difficult. But I hear the remake sucked too. Can't make chicken salad out of tuna salad...
1|18499|Scream was a really stupid movie. It got more boring as the movie proceeded.
1|3490|Only slightly better than Austin Powers. But James Bond is still a slut.
5|12325|awesome performance by theron.
5|4108|Drug induced, but good.
5|16157|Daniel Day Lewis was great in this historical movie....scary times to live in that city..........
5|11638|Loved the characters, actors, and thought it was extremely funny. It's kind of the way I think the real Hollywood is. It made me laugh.
5|5202|Yugioh Rocks man! anyone who likes yugioh is a friend of mine!
5|21923|This movie rocked, it was even better than the first Terminator, and sequels never do as good or are as good as the first. The visual effects were awesome. I can't wait for Terminator III, as I heard it's in the making and I hope it's even better.
5|10526|This movie is a classic. However, the older you get, the more you seem to dislike this film. From a child's point of view, this film deserves a 5, for the cartoon-like comedy. Joe Pesci was excellent in this movie. A classic, but nothing special after you reach the age of 12.
5|17249|This movie has everything you could want from a movie. Drama; comedy; fight-scenes; even a little romance. This movie is long but to me it serves a purpose. This movie is a good introduction to medieval Japan. It reveals the interrelationship between two different social classes, the farmers, and the samurai. The different samurai are fascinating to me, and I wouldn't have minded if their characters wear explored a bit more. I want to know more about the silent masterswordsman samurai Kyuzo, but oh well. This is an excellent story and it's told in a way that makes it enjoyable to watch again and again. There can only be one best movie of all time. Why not this movie? 
5|298|My all time favorite.
5|1064|Terrific movie and different from everything else in its genre. I loved every minute
5|14740|This is a very fast-paced, interesting movie. While the subject matter may be somewhat serious, it still ends up being a feel-good movie in the end. The story has a few interesting twists, and the exploration of the protagonist's family life is quite uncommon. Julia Roberts is fantastic as Erin and she should be nominated for an Academy Award.
5|12331|once again i find myself defending a movie to all my friends which i loved and they didn't. my only problem with the movie is that the title and cover imply an action-type movie, when the film was really more of a thinker. other than that, i thought it was superbly written and directed. it's hard to follow all the differnet sub-plots, but that's the beauty of it; the subtlties that tie all of the stories together. i really like the fact that it's not skewed toward a specific race. it shows the very present condition of all races judging all other races with their own preconcieved prejudices, even sometimes subconciously. but at the same time, even the seemingly most racist character in the movie (Matt Dillan) has somewhat of a defendable position, due to the situation of his father-- as do the other characters due to their life situations. a brilliant film from all sides.
5|7415|Great movie. I could not stop laughing through the whole thing! 
5|22594|Entertaining and fun to watch. Solid script, special effects, and actiong. Overall, much better than I expected it to be.
5|15338|A wonderful movie! Tom Hanks deserved an Oscar for this performance. He plays the part of an Eastern Eupopean man named Victor Navorski from the fictional country of Krakoshia. While in flight to NYC his country is taken over by rebels in coup and his visa into the United States is taken away leaving him stranded in JFK airport's international terminal without a place to fly home to nor authorization to visit the U.S. The head security is a punctilious pecker of a bureacrat who leaves him- unable to speak english- to waste for months on end in the terminal, with no money, no food and no place to stay. His true hope is that he can get Victor to leave onto US soil so some other agency will arrest him. Victor however doesn't leave and decides to wait even when given opportunities to fudge the truth and gain passage into the United States. In the mean time, Victor lives on condiments and crackers... washes in the sinks and finds a home in a portion of the terminal that is being repaired. Within days however he figures out unique ways to survive- like returning the carts that people use for shopping to receive the quarter deposit. (which he quickly exchanges for cheeseburgers at the BK). The head of security- the Peckerhead- starts to become iritated with Victor's ingenuity. He hires someone to return the carts, taking away Victor's money. But he's unphased, and ends up getting meals from the food cart guy for gaining information about a love interest the guy has. Over the months he learns how to speak english, gets involved with a emotionally confused flight attendant (played by Catherine Zeta Jones) who's dating a married man and gets a job with a construction crew working on the terminal. He becomes a local hero to the terminal workers when he calms a man down who's having his dad's heart medication confiscated by the Peckerhead bureaucrat,-and through recollection of the rules on the forms he had been reading to learn english- lies for the man and says they are for his "goat" which would make them legal to carry. Throughout the story you are warmed by his goodness and perplexed by what it is in the Planter's peanuts can he had been carrying- he say's it's "jazz" in the can. In the end it is revealed he was only visiting New York to fulfill a promise he made to his dead father who had gotten the autographs of every famous jazz musician in a picture he had, except one. Victor flew to America, went through all these troubles to simply put the last signature in the can for his father- to keep his promise. This movie says so much about the human spirit, about the ingenuity of the immigrants who come here and take nothing for granted and about doing what is right- and keeping your word. I highly recommend this movie to everyone and anyone.
5|12457|I loved this movie. Diane Lane and John Cusack had very good chemistry. The story kept me interested and while there were serious moments, there were also a lot of light hearted moments. My favorite part as when she answered her father's personal add.
5|8040|I wasn't expecting much from this movie, but was blown away. My wife drug me to this and it was absolutely hilarious.
5|7373|I especially like the part with the cat on the toilet...
5|1702|I thoroughly enjoyed this movie - in large part because of its uniqueness. I have not had the opportunity to see a lot of films from the martial arts genre, and I have to admit, I was not expecting the depth that this movie delivered. The cinematography was amazing, the gravity defying fight scenes were possibly the best that I have ever seen, and the characters were compelling. This movie delivers comedy, romance, and action in a very non-traditional way - I don't think you will be disappointed.
5|5564|What a fantastic film. It's chock full of classic moments, from the French belting their national anthem over the drunken Germans voices, to the unforgettable ending. All of the acting is top notch and the screenplay never disappoints.
5|10240|Good, sexy movie. I like the music and the cast of characters. Started out slow, but good finale.
5|3115|Another brilliant sub flick, this one revolving around the historical account of the recovery of an Enigma machine from a U-boat. While not totally faithful to history, this film still captures the feeling of being caught deep underwater in a steel tube with several tons of high explosive going off around you. :)
5|4691|A great companion to the book. Dumb plot, but that is okay in this case, as it is a kids movie. Adults can enjoy it, too. Great to see Fonzie doing good work after all these years! I would rate this a must see!
1|131|I thought this movie sucked majorly!
1|9142|BOOOOO!
5|6086|West Side Story I liked because it was a story of love with different culture of two groups of people or gangs that didn't get along but for the love between the boy and girl. It had good singing and dancing, but the story between the gangs at its best was just as compelling.
5|1931|Nicholas Cage is perhaps one of the greatest actors now and one of my favorites. Besides this one, almost any Nick movie is good. This one is full of great gunfights and backstabbing that makes the movie fun to watch.
1|18466|Sorry, I like to be scared by horror films
5|22219|Cool effects.
5|6938|This is definately one of the best movies of all time 
5|2586|Better than the original. The fight scenes were awesome and the reapers werecreepy and origional. The reaper epidemic shows you what happens when you try to play god without getting too preachy like Jurassic Park.
5|21710|Not as good as The Two Towers but still an amazing movies. I was so sad at the end, knowing there wouldn't be a fourth movie. The Lord of the Rings Trilogy will always be rememberred.
5|267|I can watch this movie over and over. I really liked it. I still get chills when William Wallace yells....'Freedom'. Mel Gibson is now making 'The Patiriot' which seems like it will be 'Braveheart' during the Revoluntionary war.
5|21704|All of the Rings pictures were great but they pulled out all the stops on this one. Some times trilogies don't come together in the end but this is a classic so it had to be good. I have read the Hobbit and the Silmirilion (sp) (twice) and you can't do any better than Tolken. The movie deserves all the accolades it receives and then some. The script the locations the directing the cinemetography, the editing I good go on. Who says they don't make them like the used to.
1|22922|a failed attempt at the antagonist as a protaganist genre. Worse than such cinematic bowel movements as Hannibal or Interview With a Vampire. How can we identify with the main character? Alex was a euro-trash fruitcake in bad '70s threads, and despite the inherent fruity factor, he still managed to be a rapist prick. I personally think he should have been caned on public television until he stopped screaming than brokered to a Russian porn ring and forced to serve fat russian men for the rest of his brief, AIDS-infected existence.
1|4314|Man, do I hate this movie. Okay, so it was a little funny, but the story and voices were complete crap.
5|23113|This was a wonderful pre-quel to the star wars trilogy!
5|8901|one of my all time favourite action/comedy films.There were good one-liners and hilarious characters.not one character stole the show.neat camera work and soundtrack.
1|23382|Poorly written, directed, and acted. Jim Carrey turned in the usual horrible manic performance, the female lead was equally bad. And the plot was idiotic. Easily the worst movie of the year to date.
5|21062|Val Kilmer's astounding, accurate portrayal of Jim Morrison's life and character is what makes this movie great. Also, the cinematography is pretty breathtaking when they trip in the desert. This is one of my all time favorite movies.
5|501|One of the most outstanding films about the mob. Great performances by Robert DeNiro, Ray Liotta and Joe Pesci.
5|16816|A great movie. Johnny depps sexy and kate winslets great..
1|10760|Although I've never seen the full movie, and some people will criticize me for making a comment, I've seen the previews and heard about it. Lets think, they are making the devil look like some sexy woman. That is absolutely disgusting. I wouldn't want to watch a movie like that. For a start, the devil is far from attractive. Like charmed, these producers have made the dark side look attractive. You want to know what the real devil is like, well for a start he is the ugliest monster in existance, secondly he hates all of humanity's guts (and that's Biblical fact). He was a murderer and lier from the beginning. Yeah, it may seem cool having this beautiful woman make the devil look beautiful, but if anyone were to really give their soul to the devil for some sensual pleasures, they will pay for it in a big way, for eternity too. It is not worth risking your whole eternity over, just to get a bit of pleasure on this earth. You want to know why the devil tries to tempt people, because he thinks everyone is stupid enough to fall for it. Because in reality, you have two choices. You can keep $1 and pay a trillion dollars (have your earthly pleasures and not be accepted into God's Kingdom), or you can pay $1 now, which will hurt, but get $1 trillion dollars back (give your life over to the Lord Jesus). What one would you choose. Judging by that movie, I know what the devil would want you to choose (keep the dollar, loose the trillion). This is not to push my beliefs or to frighten or offend anyone, these are just my thoughts on this movie. Plus it seems people arn't judging this movie on it's content or it's morality message (which is terrible), they are judging this movie based on lust (because they think the woman was attractive).
5|8097|Easily makes my Top 5 funniest movies.
5|23885|Simply put, an AMAZING movie, probably one of the best sci-fi film, hell BEST film of the last decade. It gives a shocking and very plausible look at the not too distant future where people can genetically engineer their own children. Vincent, played by a very capable Ethan Hawke, is one of those who are not genetically engineered. He was born out of love, without the tinkering of scientists and their genetic manipulation. Not trying to quickly summarize the movie in a sentence or two (simply because you can't since the movie's that powerful)...but basically the rest of the movie is about his pursuit of his dream of becoming an astronaut at the space corporation Gattaca. The movie, while a bit slow at places, is an emotional and incredible ride that shows us the meaning of what it is to be human and that we can all achieve what we aspire. The music, composed by Michael Nyman is one of those musical scores that can stand on its own without the movie, though it definitely enhances the already great writing and strong performances by Ethan Hawke, Uma Thurman among others. This is one of those movies have had profound impact on me. If you haven't seen it, you should go out and rent it immediately. Hell, even if you have seen it, you should go out and rent it immediately as well! You will not be disappointed. 
1|14506|stupid movie tom hanks should be sorry he made this movie good thing he is such a big star or it could of hurt his career
5|4875|Pirates might be a little too much for young kids, but in that 8 through 12 year old range, especially for boys, there arent too many better movies.
5|529|GoodFellas is full of action and violence which I really enjoy watching. The cast was really good and had Robert DeNiro and Joe Pesci, who are good actors. The movie was about the Mob and that is interesting.
5|20432|it was an excellent movie!!!!! i loved it!!!!!
1|8506|A plotless film- I generally have nothing against plotless films, in fact I've enjoyed a whole lot of them. But this one just made me sick. Atrocious acting. Parts were funny, but I did NOT enjoy Clerks. 
1|14260|Good acting but a terrible over politically correct plot.
5|22225|great movie. i loved the predator. predator 2 is better i think...
5|15489|When I first heard about 13 Days I thought It sounded like a great movie. But the main reason I was going was to see the trailer for Lord of the Rings. But by the time 13 Days was over, I'd forgotten all about Lord of the Rings. Being from Canada, I wasn't very familiar with the story. All I knew was that the situation must've been resolved, since I knew nothing of a war between the States and Cuba. But having an idea about how the movie would end didn't spoil it at all. Every second of this movie was fascinating. It was intense without having action sequences. The high point in my opinion is the performance given by the actor portraying Bobby Kennedy. I can easily say that 13 Days is one of my favorite movies of the last few years, and I can't wait to see it again. It was quite a long movie, but it kept my interest throughout every scene. 13 Days is currently on top of my movie recommending list.
5|6904|A truly crazy movie that had me both going What!?! and laughing at the same time. The way they played with words was the best, and I never get tired of this one.
1|11318|This movie isn't as funny but it gives me a hell of alot of nightmares, and just talking about him leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
1|19988|Horrible horrible movie. There are few movies that flat out bore me or leave me really disappointed by the end, but this one did. Horrible plot, ridiculous acting and character development and the effects stunk.
5|6910|This movie was on tv a few weeks ago so its humor is fresh in my mind. Try watching it with out laughing. I bet thats impossible.
1|5036|Dreamworks continues to prove they make anti-white propaganda films. White people have no business helping this hostile organization financially by paying to see their movies.
5|14783|This is a heart-warming, beautiful movie. I couldn't get over it after I saw it, it was so beautiful. Binoche, Molina, Dench, Depp, the whole damn cast (including The Matrix's Carrie-Anne Moss) are perfect. I felt like having some chocolate after seeing this. Other than the fact it's a French villiage and they all speak English with French Accents (what're they gonna do?), this was a beautiful movie. Recommended. Summary: A BEAUTIFUL HART-WARMING MOVIE. 
1|16463|Truly dramatic and a bit corny. The dialogue did not fit in the modern day scene and it destroyed my love for the Shakespearian work. Leo's just not an impressive actor and I don't know what it is about him. I could never understand why many women thought he was/is attractive. The only thing I like about the movie is where Romeo and Tybalt battle. I think Leguizamo is a stunning actor in this movie. His costumes are amazing. 
5|3868|a disney classic.
5|20426|The original Blair witch was a cultural phenomina. Even if you never saw it you heard about it. I think alot of people chose to dislike the original because everyone else loved it so in turn found it hip to hate it. So, I think many people contiously chose to dislike Book of Shadows before ever giveing this great film a chance. It was a very brave move for Joe Berlinger ( Director of Paradise Lost, Paradise Lost 2 Revelations and Brother's Keeper) to take the reins and direct a film many people had already chosen to kill with criticism. It was cool of Joe to take a different approach to making this film. The veteran documintarian decided to take the documentary styled Blair Witch Project sequel and shoot completly different. I think this was also the smart move. If it had beed done using the same formula and technique it wouldn't have been as fresh or inventive as the original. Not only that but so many Blair Witch Project Spoofs have come out I'm sure he didn't want any confusion. I also think it was clever to take the characters out of the woods and put them in a loft. The acting as well as the directing in my opinion is flawless. You could not ask for a more complex and thought provoking story. The directing, the acting and the score really bring this film to life. This movie also differs from just about any sequel I have ever seen in that no characters from the original ever show up (except for the un named evil that could just be a collective dellusion.), the movie directly comments on the success of the original film and it questions the existince of the main star of the series...The Blair Witch. The story asks the question are the five teens the latest victims of the evil that exists in the Black Hills or is it possible the Blair Witch does not exist at all? Were the five youngins who are all obssesed with the Blair Witch in their own way driven into a killing spree caused by the mass hysteria created by the media frenzy surrounding The Blair Witch Project? Evil is human not supernatural. That it comes from within. These five kids don't remember what they did. Is it history or hysteria? A very cool film that makes you think and never ever lets me sit through a viewing without getting goosebumps and cold chills. If you haven't seen this film yet do so but with an open mind. If you saw this film and hated it, try sitting through it again using that same open mind techniqe I just mentioned. This film is very smart. Smart and creative in all the ways many horror films these days are not. Purely in the fact that there is no straight here let me spell it out for you answers in this movie. You might come out confused but it will also leave you thinking ...and stunned. A genuinly good mystery horror movie. Jeff Donovan is the man!
1|7621|Z-Z-Z-Z-Z. When I saw this movie in a theater, the theater was divided into three groups of people. Group #1 was laughing hysterically from the time the static came on to the time the credits at the end ended. Group #2 was sitting there stone-faced and/or sleeping. Group #3 was occasionally giggling. I was in group #2. The music sucked, the acting was horrible, and the only time I laughed was during the religious talk they had. And throughout the whole freakin' movie, George Clooney looked like he was about to puke from being chained to John Tuturro and Tim Blake Nelson. Their presence might well have been what ruined the movie for me. Please, everyone, for the sake of your sanity and bank accounts, do not buy/rent/think about watching this movie. Take care, everyone!
5|16194|A wonderfully thoughful movie, it takes an unlikely duo in a foreign place and strikes the human chord of the search for meaning and fulfillment. Bill Murray and Scarlett Johannson are phenomenal, their mastery of their roles was amazing especially when there wasn't dialogue. An extremely poignant, artful film. Sofia Coppola is such a fantastic talent! She treats films like paintings, delicate and emotional. I can't wait for her next project.
1|12163|I know Garfield and this isn't it. It's just a boring, generic, anaemic kids movie. Garfield looks like c***, most of the acting is poor (especially Jennifer Love Hewitt, who acts so forced) and the plot is not true to the comic. For example, Garfield hates Odie. He doesn't become friends with him like he does here. Liz also hates Jon. Any date they went on in the comic strip was a disaster. Here, they like each other. The only acceptable performance is from Bill Murray as Garfield. The villain is generic kiddy c*** I've seen a thousand times over, and is acted out as such. The rescue is both unoriginal and unexciting. The rest of the animals are just normal animals, which looks kind of cheap and they are only related to the comic by name (for example, Arlene doesn't appear to be Garfield's girlfriend). In conclusion, if you're a Garfield fan, don't see this. Garfield: The Movie could have been interesting to watch, but it just isn't. I like the comic. I hate this movie. 1/5 stars - You've been warned 
5|8083|I'm a big Eddie Murphy fan, so I think BHC is the best movie of all time.
1|17594|Oh my! Everyone says it's such a good movie. I found it plain boring. Plus, I didn't understand the meaning. What is the ending supposed to mean? Please someone explain it to me, it seems I'm to dumb to understand.
1|20338|When I watched this So called halloween ilm I was thinking to my self where in the name of god is michael myeres this movie had a verry stupid plot to it to an irish maniac wants to kill kids I mean come you are way better of watching the first two then watching this really stupid crap that is soooooooo anoying.
5|9612|haha
1|21026|This movie sucked, and the music sucked. The gist of The Wall is we should all feel sorry for this rock star because he's tired of the rat race and his dad died in World War II. There are about a million other folks who are tired of the rat race and there are plenty of people who have lost their dads and they don't go out and make abysmal pulp like The Wall. Irishgit's assertion that this movie would be fine for a high school junior's film project is dead on.
5|6521|Best Movie of the 30s - It may be old, but it's still great - see it NOW
5|20817|I tend to get annoyed by musicals - but I really liked Chicago. ALL of the characters are twisted and conniving.... and interesting. The songs are dark and sarcastic - and unlike most musicals - actually seem like a logical extension of the character's mindset. From Richard Gere's money hungry lawyer character, he does it for the love, to Catherine-Zeta Jones' act of desperation when she feels her star falling, to Queen Latifah's mama will take care of you, each of the musical bits is brilliant. I was shocked at how much I enjoyed this movie. Those who have held off seeing it because they expect the campiness of moulin rouge or sound of music should really give chicago a shot - it's a weird, fun flick.
5|4336|This is the funniest and one of the best movies of the year!
5|5996|Bette at her best!!
1|24638|Blah.
5|17705|Was first released in the summer of '78 at all drive-in movie theaters nationwide. Scared the living dogsh*t out of everyone thereby making it an instant classic. Well done and well made. As most people know, John Carpenter did this one and had nothing to do with the other 8 Halloweens that would come out in the next 25 years or so. You can tell the difference. I still have the 20th anniversary t-shirt they issued back in 1998.
5|18436|One of the all time greats.
5|2021|It was a great movie that i felt welcome back Hitchcock . If H tchcock was alive he probably would give the same rating to this film. I strongly recommend this film to all psychologic-stress film lovers. Also Pfeiffer is again excellent both with her beauty and her act which gives the horror scenes double or triple effect. This film should be seen!
1|11683|APPALLING movie. I doubt you can call it a comedy in the first place.
5|13563|I truly thought the movie was great, my wife had seen it a year ago and raved about it, I just saw it recently and was very impressed...I enjoyed all the characters, thought the acting was superb and it was definitely Kevin Spacey's best performance to date (has put in several good performances). It was a sad look at our society, but quite thought provoking...Great ending!
1|21740|boring
5|22966|a true, unique classic !
5|7159|two words... very funny!
5|15112|quite possibly one of my favorite movies of all time. all the elements are there: first rate acting from the whole cast, great storyline adapted from an amazing novel, michael douglas at his humble best, and if you can believe it--and honest portrayal or modesty, redemption, lost talent, rivalry, and above all else--an honest portrayal of the heart it takes to be a writer.
5|14218|Beautiful Mind is a beautiful movie. The story of John Nash, in itself, is fascinating. But Russell Crowe's protrayal is a stellar piece of acting. Crowe would have gotten his second straight Oscar for that role, had it not been for an episode of behaving badly to a film exec just before the Oscars. Jennifer Connelly is goddess-like in this film. Her Oscar is well deserved. Scott Glenn, as always, excels. The movie depicts the horrors of going through life as a paranoid schizophrenic. Nash's eventual triumph is overwhelmingly emotional. My favorite parts of the movie is when Nash is cogent and lucid. He was a genius of the highest magnitude. The way the movie demonstrated his Nobel Prize winning theory of economic equilibrium (using the example of picking up women at bars) was one of the neatest things I've seen in the movies.
5|6253|Director Cecil B. DeMille's best film, about Moses from the old testament. A gigantic production packed with enormous crowd scenes, lavish spectacles and widescreen special effects orchestrated with dazzling brilliance. The second greatest historical religious movie ever made, The first is Ben Hur.
5|15106|amazing
5|5982|now this is comedy !!
5|4444|i thought chicken run was fantastic!!!! i found it to be a fresh break from all of the other garbage that has been released lately!! bravo job nick parks...it takes an extreme amount of time and ambition to produce a film of such character.....
5|918|One of the all-time greats. The fact that you can't see the shark until the second half (which was originally unintentional according to Spielberg) makes it even more effective. Personally I think it's his best film.
5|17711|Terrific the best horror movie i highly reccommend this to rent horror movie fans and movie fans will sure enjoy this even if youre not a movie fan i still reccommend this
5|2035|Awesome! You never knew what was going to happen next. I was on the edge of my seat the whole time. I liked the way it was scary, but not bloody and gross.
5|17077|It's Stanley Kubrik's best film
5|2753|This ws the greatest action movie ever!! the stunts were great and it was just totally awesome!!
5|9606|why the heck is this movie so low on the list? i've never seen someone match jim carrey as well as jeff daniels to utimately make one of the funniest movies ever. i'll admit there are better movies... but c'mon. my big fat greek wedding? while you were sleeping? no way, dumb and dumber is so much funnier! you never get too old to laugh at this kind of movie. if in order to be grown up, you can't enjoy a movie like this, well heck i'm not gonna!
1|21032|One of few movies that is actually worse than Pulp Fiction. This movie is not only boring, but it is about as close to a bad LSD trip as I ever want to come. It is seriously awful....be warned...
1|3862|one of the worst sequels done
5|15648|I thought this was a really good movie. I'm not much of a fan of romance type movies, but this one I liked. Everyone in the movie does a great job and the story is both interesting and funny.
5|8530|The Jerk is a classic. The first, and greatest, idiot movie.
1|19585|It would be better with some sex.
5|13239|Really a masterpiece with superb acting by Dustin Hoffman. Tom Cruise was very good too. It brought all kinds of emotions to the surface, showing what this mentally disabled man went through and how his brother helped him. Super!
5|1514|A wonderful action film that mixes both drama and comedy. The death of Brandon Lee was so tragic, and I think that the success of this movie is a wonderful tribute to an actor whose career was cut way too short.
5|12899|It's rare for a movie these days to take it's time telling a story, and that's what Shawshank Redemption does. This film is very well written, well acted and compelling from beginning to end. There's no explosions, there's no silliness, it's just a simple, warm, honest, comtemplative film with a story that brings the audience along with it. Great movie; you'll think it ends too quickly.
5|9148|I have watched this funny film multiple times. It's got to be my favorite full-length comedy movie. It was filmed in San Francisco around 1973 I think. Nonstop silliness!
5|8256|This is a hilarious movie and another example of a great British comedy. Although it is more American of a movie, it contains the same absurd chaos that is prevalent in many British comedies and it stars John Cleese. That says it all.
5|22782|A sweet movie which makes me think of childhood. Oddly, I just found out yesterday that the little girl in ET was Drew Barrymore - did anyone else not know that?
5|3303|This was an action packed movie. I enjoyed it much better than the first Mission Impossible. I enjoyed how they had a love story involved in the movie.
5|16427|One of my now favorite films. A truely stunning directorial debute by Sophia Coppola. Her flair for that which is visually beautiful and dark is amazing. I've heard from alot of people who didn't like the ending. Why did the girls kill themselves? Why is the sky blue? What is the meaning of life? Why do we all want the easy answer? Why must it all be pre packaged and handed to us? Must there be an answer for everything? I didn't ask. I just watched and marveled at such an imaginative portrait of love and lost. A very deep and meaningful film. A work of art.
5|10056|so u agree...u think you're really pretty?
5|5772|A magnificent movie on every level. A crackling script, superb acting, just unrivaled and unparalled. I recommend the book, All about All About Eve. 
5|17739|One of the ultimate horror movie franchises ever. I love all of the Halloween movies except for the 3rd one. That one was really, really bad. I don't like watching movies where children are the main target of murder. Yuck !
5|19700|A horror movie for those who hate slasher flicks. This is one of Wes Craven's finest. Voodoo and witchery at it's best. Bill Pullman exceeds his normal acting skills and the supporting cast does well also. One of my favorite lines of all time.... Don't let them bury me.... I'm not dead!!! Awesome.
1|24610|two hours of mark whalberg is bad enough. two hours of mark, acting in a movie that was just fine the first time around was just too much.
5|4478|man, I love this movie, my favorite as a kid. it will always hold a place in my heart, not a fan of disney but I like this one, very lovable
5|10042|One of Adam's best. Those kids playing Frankenstein were great. Do you want to put on a hooters shirt for old times sake? Whats he talking about mommy? 
5|5766|Fasten your seatbelts for a great movie! The dialogue is crisp, the acting superb. My favorite Bette Davis movie, and I have read that Bette Davis was justly proud of her achievement in this film.
5|23488|this film is F***IN SICK AND SAVAGE MAN one of the best action movies of the century so far.
5|7171|This a Great series of movies. If you want to see a funny movie, see this one.
5|8242|Hannnnnnnds Dowdowdowdownnn the ffffffffunnnnniest momomomovvie iiiiiiiii haaaaaave ever seen. Good thing I am truly no fan of Yorkies..... 
5|22796|Excellent movie,as true to the book as possible without being 8 hours long.
1|20310| What a waste. I have seen some terrible horror films in my day but for thr the love of Pete! this has got to the worst horror film in years and that is saying alot. Not only is the casting crap but the throw back to Alfred Hitchcock at the end made me want to choke the film maker. For them to think this movie could even be comparable to a Hitchcock masterpeice is beyond me. Deplorable and a joke to the horror movie fans. Watch it and be prepared for a boring evening. 
5|8524|I have a soft spot for Steve Martin, I admit it. This guy is hysterical. Classic comedy.
5|1266|My all time favorite movie. Hard core modern day mafia by genius director, Quentin Tarantino. How can you go wrong with a cast like that? Complex story lines are key.
5|10724|This is a hilarious movie! Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller are a riot in their roles, as well as the hysterical supporting cast. And when they have those classic hit-in-the-face shots, they're actually FUNNY. This is definitely a great summer movie. Age Range: 13+. It's not necessarily inappropriate (though at times, somewhat, but not often), but some of the humor would be hard for younger preteens to understand. FINAL GRADE: A 
1|23619|I have never been sodimized with a broomstick and thanks to Dark City, there was no messy clean up. This movie is some 18 years old bathroom fantasy where the reality of life is changed by creepy aliens wearing dead bodies. The only scary thing about this movie is the realization that you are now 1 hour closer to death because you wasted your time.
5|19066|this movie scared the crap out of me
5|2784|I am ready to quit my job as a nurse and become one of Charlie's Angels.
5|12|Adventure, Religion, Nazis being vaporized, Serpants, cryptology...This movie inspired me on SO many levels.
5|18393|This is probably the scariest film I have ever seen. I saw this at the theater when I was twelve years old and still to this very day I can't lay eyes or ears on Zelda! (I have had so many pre-pubescent nightmares about her, it's just not funny!!!) FYI: Zelda was really played by a man and , supposedly, was married to the woman who played Rachel! Weird, huh? This has got to be one of the most depressing movies ever made as well: drab colors, innocent creatures like cats and children are suddenly evil, and everyone dies in the end!(No virginal teenage heroines to carry us into the sequel!) I would definitely recommend this film to anyone who wants a good gloomy fright and who doesn't mind seeing a skeletal, yellow monster in the guise of a woman!
5|23305|Arguably the best Star Trek movie in the series, First Contract embodies the whole essence of the show. Determination, exploration, survival against devastating odds- this movie has it all. Definitely a must see. 
5|7824|Excellent! Acting was great by all, even Verdel.
1|17231|Lame title, lame movie. I can't believe some people actually liked this piece of garbage!
1|2215|Boring homosexual promotion.
5|6284|An absolutely timeless classic. The battle scenes are immense in their scope and impact. Winner of the best picture of 1930, this movie, like the machine gun whose inventer mistakenly thought his invention would mark an end to this kind of senseless carnage, did nothing to sway the powers that be from continuing to give future inspiration for moviemakers. The business of war is only good when shells and bullets are spent and young men die. The great military industrial complex thrives by supplying still more bullets, shells, and dispensable soldiers into the mix. This film was made with the idea that it be shown to the leaders of all nations hoping that they would see the futility of combat and shame them into bringing an end to this evil business. Think it's working yet?
5|717|Fugitive was a good movie with a good plot. Great acting job by the cast. The movie had nice getaways and action.
5|21274|Elvis is the King and anything with him in it gets a 5 from me
5|5955|The music is wonderful, as is the storyline.
5|4493|I loved this movie! Not exactly the classic movies like the lion king, or cinderella, but definitely entertaining. My kids loved it. It isn't needed to be part of the disney movie collection, but it was a good movie, although it is not a classic.
5|5799|A trully brilliant film. I saw it for the first time in a government class in the 8th grade, and it has been my all time favorite film ever since. The debate, the arguments, the analysis of evidence, the overall psychological drama. I fell in love with it. This film convinced me that I wanted to become an attorney. I understand there is a play form of this film. Where could I find it?
5|21260|This song always reminds me of my childhood.
5|22769|Steven Spielberg's best work - a classic
1|4670|Th most idiotic excuse for a movie I've seen in a while and I've seen some bad movies.
5|12872|This is a must see for any movie fan. Great story, great acting, and great music.
5|7830|Excellent story and stunning character development. Jack Nicholson, Helen Hunt, Greg Kinnear and Cuba Gooding, Jr star in a story about relationships, love and compassion. At the end of the movie, you realize just how much has changed for the characters and how subtly it happened. Not for action/slapstick fans, but definitely enjoyable.
1|5208|I respect anyone who has had the guts to make as many come backs as the Olsens have, but I am just not into their new stuff.
1|16885|The cinematography made me really nauseous.
1|3679|You see this and your very stupid WORSE MOVIE EVER!!! 
5|2948|Forrest Whittaker is a superb actor and does a great job in Ghost Dog. The plot was appealing and off the wall. Not your mainstream movie at all.
5|20618|This is a great movie! Ladyshark and rock goddess go on a bout there being no black or asian people in it. I don't knopw for sure but didn't 1950's californain high schools separate black and white kids, I don't know, but that would explain it.
5|18387|OOH the shoe left by the kid when he got hit...gave me nightmares for weeks.
5|2790|Great film. Norton did an EXCELLENT job when he played the spazzy Brian. I felt a bit deceived by the billing though. Angela Bassett was touted as a major player in the film, but she was little more than a prop. I mean the story could have been just effecitve without her. She was very under-used. Age and treachery will overcome youth and inexperience. 
1|19546|WARNING TO MY LOYAL FANS: This is an art movie, not a sado-slasher movie. Don't even bother clicking the helpful button, guys. I still have 158 horror movies to review!
5|23339|A Sci-Fi movie with a message - when sci-fi flicks weren't supposed to have messages . . .
1|5220|Digimon is exactly like pokemon
5|14595|I am white, I love African-American movies that are dramas including drugs, violence and language. Ice Cube is by far my favorite actor, he is brilliant. I remember watching this movie whenever it came out in 1991... whenever I was just 11 and thinking --- WOW!!! Now that I am 24, 11-06-04 --- I understand it alot better and just makes me feel sorry for people living in South Central. This movie is one of the best movies of all time in my book. 2 thumbs up!
5|22027|Fun and exciting. Aliens was far better than the first film and definitely the best film of the entire series. The film is of very high quality with above average acting performances and solid action scenes. The film is fast-paced and an overall joy from beginning to end.
5|9835|This movie is one of the greatest Friendship comedies ever. Romy White (Mira Sorvino) and Michelle Weinburger (Lisa Kudrow) were outcasts in high school. Now 10 years later, They're fun-loving ladies who go to dance clubs. Only problem is their 10 year high school reunion. Romy is afraid their lives and great new looks aren't impressive enough. Watch for actresses Janeane Garofalo as the morbid Heather Mooney, Elaine Hendrix as Lisa, and Camryn Manheim as the hyper-spazz Toby. This film is about true friendship and being true to yourself. Not only that, It's hilarious! 
5|20630|I love Grease. John and Olivia are great together, and the soundtrack is great too.
5|17922|The best horror film ever. Easily. Great acting; Great directing; Great thrills; Great chills; Great film.
5|22999|My name is Dave. The first time I ever saw 2001 I was with my friend David H and Dave K. I was trying acid for the first time, but they had it before. As soon as HAL started saying, What are you doing Dave? we all started freaking out. It was great.
1|17219|Could possibly be one of the most mindless movie of 2000.
5|12696|I was reading through some of the comments below and they said things along the lines of "Oh this was a terrible movie because it was just Michael Moore's opinion and it is wrong and he lied." News flash: It is SUPPOSED to be Michael Moore's opinion. Which is why he made the movie. As much as you say that he lied and presented biased information, it is just balancing out for the media which is in my opinion, more biased than Moore. I turn on Fox news for a good laugh. And about the part of him comparing deaths by gunfire in the US to other countries, maybe it would have been more afective if he had done it in percentage to population, but if you havn't already figured it out. 11,000 something deaths in the US is a higher percentage than 20 something in Japan. In this documentary he presented excellent points, and I agreed with him on most of what he said. Not only that but it was a nice movie to watch, at times it was incredibly funny, and others were very emotional. And if he made millions off the movie, it's because people liked it. 
1|3123|Dull, boring, uninteresting, uninspired, unorigional, complete BS. Take your pick they're all true. I got bored with this movie after nazis with knives started jumping out of every corner one at a time only to get shot in the head. I was waiting for that tired old cliche` where a black cat would jump out hissing. If you want a good World War 2 film try Saving Private Ryan or one of many other films about W.W.2.
5|8281|Rasing Arizona gets a 5 not only because it was funny, but also because of how bizarre it was- crazy sh-t happens. I could almost say this movie is deep. 
1|19234|I did not like this movie at all.
5|15847|This film gets better and better with repeated viewings. An audacious film with a superb ensemble cast, including Tom Cruise in his best performance for years. Excellent writing blended into seamless direction from the young PT Anderson. A Must See Film!!
5|22033|Excellent action-packed sequel to Aliens. Great action scenes and special effects!
1|10210|Just because a movie has hotties doesn't automatically make it good--case in point.
5|13371|Original, gripping, moving, fun!Tom Hanks was incredible.
5|9766|Very Good...Perhaps a stand up classic...
5|6455|This movie is one of my favorites. It has action and adventure and a bit of romance, but it doesn't glamorize the life of a gunfighter, which makes it more honest than some. Very good movie.
5|8478|One of 5 movies I could watch everyday and still laugh. Lots of dialogue that we used when we were in high school. Funny just because of its dialogue, sexual innuendos for people who just love the perverted comedy. Mike Myers is just great all around.
5|15700|This is a truly creative film. It doesn't just draw you to the main character, but opens doors in your psyche you didn't know existed. It didn't bring out joy, sadness, nor thrill in me like typical films. I accessed a void, now longing to fill. It's hard to explain. I didn't know if I should cry, stop watching, kill myself. It was a trip.
5|20963|ok..dirty dancin isnt a musical..but a great dance movie thats for sure. my grandma was the first one who introduced me to the movie when i was 3..to this day i kno evey word, and dance in that film. still a classic to me! now i can obsess over dirty dancin havana nites..all i hav to say is DIEGO LUNA!!
5|10678|Sandler is like the funniest white man alive, at least (Carlin move over). Sandler is soooo funny especially in this movie! Funniest man alive?
5|2633|This was a demented and twisted movie done right. From the first second of this film I was completely into it. It grabs your attention and holds it the whole way through. Even though the plot is totally unrealistic, it is the possibility that makes you wonder what goes on in our subconscious. The unconscious is a mystery to all of us and this film is one interpertation of what might be lying underneath. This movie is one the most creative movies I have seen in years. It was beautifully done, with scenes that have all the elements come together. The colors, the music, and the acting were great. The cinemotography, along with the photography were exceptional. This movie was scary but in a weird way. As I already stated, the acting was great, but the movie was so visually stimulating that had there not been dialogue, you would still have been able to understand it. After I left the movie, I don't think I spoke the whole ride home. It was almost too much to digest. I have had weird dreams for the past two nights. I highly recommend this movie as long as you have the stomach for pyschotic thrillers.
5|17671|A man is the lone survivor of a plane crash. He is then taken under the wing of a guy who recruits lucky people. His mentor informs him that he has a luck power, and he has the power to steal other people's luck. He takes him to underground gambling places where luck is needed. They take pictures so if someone loses, his luck is surrendered through the picture. They do things like run through a forest blindfolded, play Russian roulette with five bullets, and run through traffic blindfolded. He loses his luck, and his girfriends , and tries to get them back. I am not doing this movie justice. It is a great movie.
5|2155|The Poiseidon Adventure unlike many other action films, has an extremly winning soundtrack featuring the song, The Morning After. Anyways, the movie is extremly heartpounding and astonishing. The special effects are amazing, and it is so much better then Titanic.
5|18542|Scream was one of the best movies that I've seen in a while.
5|4524|Great family film. We have watched in several times and we never get tired of it. Hayley Mills is fun to watch trying to handle the two roles.
5|12709|Moore is great! He's less a great filmmaker than he is someone who exposes things for what they are. He may be America's most valuable citizen because he cares enough to make his case. And in a culture that has a 48-hour memory span, he documents our world for all time.
5|13417|This is a good family movie.
5|9000|Hysterically funny. The dead pan humor of Chevy Chase, whether it be as Dr. RosenRosen..., or charging lavish lunches to the Underhill account, or explaining through false teeth to an airplane mechanic that these days, it's all ballbearings - If you've never seen this movie, go rent it.
5|22812|Not just a film for kids. This one can be enjoyed by all ages. It's fairly faithful to the original story, and the actors are all wonderful in their roles and most importantly, they all look like they are having a great time. The special effects are wonderful too. They not only look realistic, but they also serve the story instead of overshadow it. And the deal about satanism--forget it. It's not there.
5|14378|This is a GREAT film, not so much for the story content, which has been done before and will be done again, but for its presention. This is an all-out assault on the senses... visually, audially, emotionally. Ellen Burstyn gives an Oscar caliber performance that has you living her descent into addiction and psychosis right along with her. This is one actress Hollywood should start paying more attention to... her best work may still be yet to come.
5|7039|It seems like this movie is on TNT or TBS or USA every week, but I catch myself watching it each time. It is very funny and Matthew Broderick is at his best. Whatever happened to his hot girlfriend? I don't remember seeing her in anything else which is truly unfortunate. There is also a collection of actors in the film who would go on to bigger things (Charlie Sheen, Jennifer Grey, Ben Stein, Alan Ruck-Stuart on Spin City). I would be surprised if there is anyone who hasn't actually seen this movie, but if you haven't, it should be your next rental/purchase choice.
5|9014|gunga, gunga, la gunga
5|13403|This is one of my favourite movies. As always, Tom Hanks does a great job, as do all the other actors. The story of Forrest Gump is really interesting and it's quite funny in parts also. Definitely worth seeing.
5|6327|One of the best war genre movies of all time. It has big name stars like Steve McQueen, Charles Bronson, James Coburn, James Garner and many more. It also has great action, dialogue, and suspense. It;s over 2 hours long, but never boring. You get caught up in the characters and there personal lives as well as the general plot. Definitely a must see for the whole family.
5|17665|This drama-cum-ghost story set in war-ravaged 16th century Japan,from the Shakespeare of film ,Kenji Mizoguchi (whose other masterpieces include Sansho the Bailiff,Story of the Late Chrysanthemums and The Life of Oharu)is one of the most beautiful films ever made,voted among the 10 greatest in Sight and Sound's international poll.Blessed with the serene fluid camerawork,exquisite cinematography,painterly compositions and ravishing landscapes for which the director(still terribly neglected in the English-speaking world)was renowned.The scenes where the potter falls under the spell of the enchanting Lady Wukasa are a peak of World cinema.
5|2141|Perfect spy movie
1|22329|No comment...
5|11214|That was really funny! i LoVe RiChArD 4 lYf!!!!!
5|19648|this movie gives you everything; horror, sadness, and hatred i justlove it
5|4256| When you wish upon a star, makes no difference who you are I can still hear the diminutive cricket s voice as he very soberly looks up into the heavens. Pinocchio is Disney at its very best and most pure. Great story, great moral, and expertly produced animation. Even now with all our 21st century computer generated sophistication you have to admire the creativity, talent, skill and vast amount of time that went into producing such a gem. Great, timeless animated feature.
5|18230|Can you honestly sit through this movie in its entirety and not at least laugh you ass off? It is not possible! Sam Raimi and Bruce Campbell are probably the greatest actor director team of all time. Bruce Campbell is one of the most underrated comedic actors out there. This man is at least twelve times funnier than Jim Carrey. Anyway. Evil Dead 2 is almost a remake of the original. It recaps the beggining of the original minus three characters. Lynda becomes a deadite and from there the sequel begins. This film in no way tries to scare the viewer, maybe startle a few of them. The startles are surpassed by the brilliant comedic moments. A beautiful array of the macabre and the comedic, Evil Dead 2 is a classic along with the rest of this incredible series. HIGHLY,HIGHLY,RECOMMENDED!! along with the rest of the trilogy. Swallow this. 
1|11085|This is the worst comedy movie I v ever seen... It seems that they wrote the script as they shoot the movie... I love Jim carrey, but not enough to put up with this movie... I was wondering all the time when it will end...
5|7987|Even though this movie is too cute for my tastes, Robin Williams is in top form. I honestly don't think he's topped this performance since this movie came out. He ad-libs so well here that it feels like part of the script. I actually saw this twice in the theater and laughed just as hard the second time around. Groundhog Day is still the funniest movie of the 90s, but this one is close.
5|6441|Great film! No deep subtext, just a very well thought-out film. One of the very best in sci-fi, and very often copied.
5|15714|I loved it. Where else can you see life prtrayed through the eyes of a house. It's the story of a dying man, and his messed up life. Or it's the story of a messed up man and his dying house. Or it's the story of a man with a messed up family and the growth of the family right along with the growth of his house. Or, it's all of those, or it's none of those. It's just a great movie. Even if you're a guy who doesn't cry, bring the Kleenex along for this one. Nobody's eyes will stay dry.
5|3511|I know the movie isnt great art, but I LIKED it a lot. But maybe thats cause cars street racing has been a part of most of my life. The cars used were awsome. Most of my friends people I talk to about it say it sucked Im sure a lot of other people would agree, but its one of my favorite movies. It was exciting I loved the racing scenes. Also, Paul Walker Vin Deisel are two of my favorite actors. They are also hott!! But I think the movie was really good!!
5|21499|Princess Leia is beautiful and the whole movie is just great. I think it is amazing the special effects they did so many years ago.
5|16235|Better than The Sixth Sense in overall story. Bruce Willis and Sam Jackson are spectacular. And the ending is nothing you will expect!
5|10644|A truly solid movie - great plot - deep, funny and well made. I like the sci-fi, thriller, drama - guy movies. However- this was such a well made movie- it goes on the top 20 list. Keeps you intereste regardless - whether you go with your friends or date - great!
5|5160|I loved this movie!! The soundtrack was great. This movie is great for the whole family
5|18218|This was the first movie I've ever seen that made my knees shake. I think the most terrifying thing about it was the fact that it was based on a true story -- I mean, this actually happened and the perp was never caught. I disagree with Kamylienne, however, who said that the story was loosely based on the story of the serial killer Ed Gein. First of all, Thomas Hewitt (the real Leatherface) was not really a serial killer but more like a mass murderer. He didn't choose his victims in a way that made sense -- he simply murdered whomever came along next. Secondly, Ed Gein was a killer in Wisconsin (my home state) who was only proven to have killed two women. Technically, Gein was not a serial killer, but he was a cannibal. There are a few striking similarities between the two men (one being their rather gruesome ability to sew human skin) but this movie was definitely not based on Gein. All in all, this is a very clever film and I definitely recommend it if you want to come out of the theater trembling in terror. 
5|20787|This movie is such FUN! I love SIT DOWN, YOU'RE ROCKIN' THE BOAT! I even liked Frank Sinatra in this role and I usually cannot stand to watch him on screen. Miss Adelaide is such a hoot!
5|14422|loved it. it was soooo good and so sad and julianne was absolutely stunning ( as usual) a must see 
5|6469|Howark Hawks directed. John Wayne, Dean Martin, Ricky Nelson, Angie Dickinson, Walter Brennan and others in a marvelous oater! The know-it-all critics panned it at the time, and now it's considered a classic. Dino and Ricky even croon a couple of tunes!
5|12053|I love this movie in fact it is my favorite movie ever!!! At first all of my friends wanted to see it and i thought it looked soooo stupid, but i rented it and loved it, it's kinda bad though, like the whole concept they run into i bisexual stripper, go to a strip club,touch girl's hoo hoos and well other,stuff it's funny though
5|22190|One of the best sci-fi movies to date. Great graphics and good story as well. The storyline is unique. Interesting movie, must see.
5|12735|Not a comedy, but it will definitely make you laugh, and will make you think even more. Glad to see somebody make a movie absent of the influence of Hollywood, Washington, and corporate society in geneeral.
1|11913|Uninteresting, unfunny, and unwatchable movie.
1|21608|Even worse than the book.
5|2169|I saw this when it first came out and I didn't really appreciate it - but I was 16. I then decided to buy it on video and god am I glad that I did. This has a tremendous cast - as told by antondatree (he forgot Natalie Portman though) You really do have to sit down and concentrate on this film otherwise you won't really get whats happening. I loved the music running in the background and then I found out that it was Moby 'God Moving Over Waters' This is a very powerful fim and the two main actors are the best in the industry. Its fabulous.
5|5606|An absolutely remarkable movie. Great story, great performances... fun to watch, fun to think about... one of the all-time greats!
5|844|One of the few good scary movies in a while. It wasn't just scary, but surprisingly well-written. The little boy gave a great performance, oscar worthy. Bruce Willis wasn't bad either. I especially liked the plot twist. This was not your cliche horror movie.
5|4518|Awsome, I like the fact that yes kids mom can die!
1|24770|Godawful nonsense. Jeremy Irons seems hell bent on destroying his career and whatever scraps of dignity he once had.
5|17659|The award-winning fim-which was recently re-released stars Richard Dreyfus as Duddy who schemes his way to acquiring restricted land in a great adaptation of the Mordecai Richler classic.
5|10136|I think this movie was great from its success in combining comedy and a real life case. It had all sorts of high school guys getting together in a challenging teamwork to make a dream come true. From one side, it had many funny situations and from the other, it made you feel what the challenge means and lets you hit with the MUZIK!!!
5|5612|Indeed one of my favorite Hitchcock movies, right next to "the Birds". Stewart and Kelly are lovely opposite one another, and rewatching it after a few years, the film was still as suspenseful and intriguing as I first remembered it. When you can revisit a film after a couple of years, to find it as fresh and exciting as you did initially shows the films true quality! 
5|850|The plot of the movie was good. It is a thinking person's movie. Has a good twist at the end. The acting was also good.
5|17881|The benchmark for all horror films, past, present, and future. A classic.
5|7005|This was a great movie, really a must see if you haven't already.
5|12721|To be honest, the facts that were raised does not surprise me at all considering some of the comments I have read about gun control on this very website..... I thought the film was very well presented and definately thought provoking. To BIGBABY, yes Michael Moore is making money out of things like this, but the fact that he is bringing attention to subjects like this should mean that your government should sort it out and pump money where its needed. Why should Michael Moore? He didn't create this awful situation. 
5|8336|This movie's concept and the ideas it tries to get across are extremely good. It really makes viewers question God, religion, and themselves. However, it is better for the mature audience who can be able to grasp these concepts.
5|24293|Still trying to get my breath back from the action was great
5|9028|I love this movie as cheesy as it is, john cusack is the best.
5|14350|Wow. This film was amazing, a true masterpiece. This movie really shows how drugs will destroy your life. The unique way the movie was filmed is what makes it so great, from each character's point of view. Yes, the ending is devastating, but what do you expect. Drug addiction usually doesn't lead to a happy ending. Even if you don't like sad movies, this movie will fascinate you and hold your full attention until the horrifying ending. This is one of the most powerful movies I have ever seen..
5|14436|Not in the top 10? Are you people crazy? What a film! EXCELLENT
1|20264|pure crap.
5|22184|Keanu Reeves best movie since Speed. The effects are awesome and can not be rivaled. Can't wait till the sequel.
5|3505|Im not a car guy, and thought I was not going to like this movie. It surprised me a lot though. Its action is goo and it is entertaining throughout the whole film. Much better than Gone in 60 Seconds.
5|10650|a diffrent teenage movie a good story about after high school and what to do now it had the dark hair girl from american beauty and the great steve buseim. 
5|20793|Barbara Streisand was great as Fannie Brice,the performer from the early to mid 1900s. there are some good songs such as Don't rain in my parade, and I'm the Greatest Star. the roller skating scene is funny.other numbers are good as well.
5|105|Classic. Hopkins - great! I like it when it looks like Jodie Foster is going to shoot me.
5|21466|Star Wars gets a 5 star rating from me. I can remember my dad packing my family up in the car to drive an extra 40 minutes into downtown San Diego so that we could see Star Wars on what was then the biggest screen in the area and boy was it worth it. At 10 and 8 years old my brother and I went insane for Star Wars, it was by far the greatest thing we'd ever seen on the big screen or anywhere else for that matter. Empire was good too, but Star Wars was so new and so different from anything we'd seen before. It is so basic, the fight between good and evil, a really basic story that has been explored and explored in film and was rejuvinated in the new setting of a galaxy far, far away. I think the film was wonderfully cast with each of the lead characters being spunky and powerful but just vulnerable enough to keep us rooting for them. I really can't say a bad thing about it, it was genius for its time.
1|13645|This movie was quite disturbing. it was just too much and a little one sided. Racism lies in every race, not just one.
5|4281|This is truley one of the best movies ever. I've watched it tons of times and each time I watch it I love it more and more . This is a beautifully animated movie that's hilarious and full of wonderful, unforgetable, funny characters my favorite characters are definetly Horace and Jasper Badun. it's a awesome movie that will always have a special place in my Heart and I will watch it another million times!!! .I love it So much and you will too!!!. 
5|2828|One of my favourite movies. Hackman brilliant as the neurotic snoop, and the entire theme of mystery wrapped in an enigma, cloaked in a riddle is fascinating.
5|7788|This is one of my favourite movies. Adam Sandler has done a great job with this movie. I've probably seen this a million times and it still makes me laugh.
5|7950|Reluctantly attending the famous traditional forecast-by-groundhog ceremony,cynical weatherman Bill Murray finds the same day keeps repeating itself.As intriguing possibilities,including fresh chances to seduce resistant Andie McDowell, emerge,he must battle through despair towards redemption.Comfortably the best contemporary comedy (enhanced,for me,by falling on my birthday),this is a warmly romantic,uplifting and gleefully intelligent gem.
5|23271|A lot of people really hate this movie. I personally love it. I think astrophysics is really cool. This was released in 1997 when everyone was crazy about aliens. The motif isn't as popular now, so it may not be so appealing, but it's still a great movie. Jodie Foster does an excellent job. The film explores galactic communication through matehmatical signals, possible space travel, and the conflict between science and religion. It's entertaining and very well-made, and it really causes the viewer to reflect on what he or she really believes, as some things are open to interpretation. I'd say this is a must-see.
5|6496|Buster Keaton's golden offering to the vaults of the truly significant creations of film comedy and perhaps all of film. It is still a wonder after 75 years. 
1|19368|I thought this movie was horrible. The plot was very boring to me. It was like watching the first one all over again, and the ending was the same. The whole movie followed the first one, and it wasn't even that scary.
5|12912|This film is amazing and stunning. The first time I watched it I was left breathless. The score is beautiful, the performances outstanding, and overall a truly brilliant film. A little audience-friendly, but who really cares when there is a great film like this.
1|11734|Rather dumb...I dunno, I'm just not a chick-flick person.
5|23517|Excellent creepy scifi suspense film. Mixing horror and tension superbly, blending with it great character actors and a tough leading man - Kurt Russell. Top special effects and make-up. A worthy film. 
5|22609|Coming from along time reader of the X-men comics, let me say that this film seriously exceeded all expectations. Wolverine was perfect, with one-liners true to his comic book counterpart, although i think that ? would have been slightly better considering that Logan is meant to look slightly older than 30. Not even his healing powers could make him look that young. The weakest link [if there was one] has to be Rogue. Too much of her personality was melded with Jubilees', meaning that her true past from the comic books cant be explored. Also i didnt like the way that original members of the X-men were made to be teenagers. I mean anyone currently up to date with the comics, will agree that ice man is one of the most interesting characters with the expansion of his new powers. and yet here he is all spotty and hormonaly charged hitting on Rogue who is obviously just waiting for Gambit to get a call up. I know that i need to get a life, but i dont care! i'm going to go home and watch the film again on DVD. 
5|5821|This movie, without a doubt, is the best movie. The whole movie, people where telling about there expereince with Kane. A very whealty man, who on his deathbed, the only thing on his mind was a childhood toy. Rosebud
5|21300|I love the seamless way that Coppola mixes a gangster film and a jazz film into one, without any of the tired, corny clichs that you find in a lot of the latter day musical (until the final sequence, when it totally catches you off balance). Its also very effective in using historical figures and events as a backdrop to a fictional story. Incredible cast, Nicholas Cage is at his best in an early role, Bob Hoskins and Fred Gwynn are brilliant and Richard Gere is actually acting, instead of being Richard Gere. And a very young Diane Lane is his love interest. The period recreation is pitch-perfect, with Duke Ellington, Cab Calloway, Charlie Chapin and Louis Armstrong showing up. The piece where they inter-splice Gregory Hines's solo tap dance with the hit on Dutch Schultz is one of the finest moments that Coppola has ever filmed.
5|18581|i still remember seeing this movie for the first time i was not even old enough to see r rated movies but i got in and i am so glad i did
5|2196|Terrific movie! You actually can feel what James Caviezal is going through and by the end of the movie you will want the revenge just as bad as he does. I like this movie so much because the revenge is clever and carefully planned, unlike every other movie where a guy just gets a gun and starts killing everyone, but this is very clever and the actors do a terrific job on opposite ends of each other.
5|19847|YES...the tooth fairy is a killer!
5|5835|Welles is a genius when it comes to film, this was an awsome movie! not for the impatiant but if you wait till the end, and actually think about it, it's ingenius! one of my favorites!
1|12229|Did anyone actually go to the theater to see this dreck? If so, they need therapy. I saw it on cable and it appears to be some kind of spin-off from Rock's HBO gig. Dreadful!
5|677|This is my personal favorite Kubrick film, but in my opinion it is two films in one. The first one dealing with Private Pile is probably the most accurate depiction of Marine training ever done. It is a great anti-war film and it stays true to Kubrick's surreal style of film.
1|11720|Gwyneth Paltrow should just stop making movies. Instead of being a huge waste of time and money.
5|12906|By far the best movie!!! This is the kind of movie you can watch once a week!!!
1|4704|Note to Hollywood: Never bill celebrities on a theatre poster when they're only in the film for 5 minutes. Sigourney Weaver, Jon Voight, and Patricia Arquette star in this children's bore based on a hit novel of the same name. All three stars are wasted, with the exception of Voight who is given FAR too much screen time!
1|18704|Even the presence of Hopkins can't salvage this naff film. The attempt at the accents are laughable. Quite simply a farce.
5|9969|Spoofs arre also usually dumb. The Wayan's brothers however were able to catch the essence of the movies without making it outright dumb.
1|11046|Crap.
5|23265|The Tempest in space. Good fun.
5|7944|Hilarious and original...I love Bill Murray.
5|6482|I'll be damned if I ever figured out the plot, and I don't think Raymond Chandler and Howard Hawks ever did, either. So what? Bogie, Bacall, snappy patter, classy dames, and everyone smoked, since you were more likely to get plugged in the back than live long enough to get cancer....those were the days! The remake in 1978, with Mitchum (who made a pretty good Marlow) and Sarah Miles just didn't work, since they inexplicably transferred it all to England. And film noir just doesn't make it in color.
5|111|One of the best of the 90s. It definitely deserved all of the Oscars it got. Great film.
5|21472|I'm not sure I can say anything about this movie that hasn't already been said. It's not only the greatest Sci Fi of all time, but it's the greatest movie of all time, PERIOD! Sci Fi wouldn't be what it is today had it not been for Star Wars.
5|10877|Thoroughly enjoyed Anchorman. Will Ferrell is on a hot streak. Old School and Elf were good movies, but Ferrell's portrayal of Ron Burgundy kept me in stitches throughout the flick. The movie did a great job in placing you in the 1970s (unlike the awful That '70s Show, which has no clue on what the '70s or humor is). It also captures the soul of San Diego, though some of the backdrops of the city were of recent vintage and were kind of an anachronism. The love/hate/love relationship of Burgundy and co/rival anchorwoman Veronica Corningstone (Christina Applegate looks great) is a riot. But the real hilarious stuff occurs with Burgundy's downright insane on-scene reporter, sports guy, and weatherman. The fight scene between Burgundy's crew and the rival station news teams (watch for A-List cameos) was one of the funniest fight scenes ever staged. The DVD has a ton of special features. Ferrell's music video of Afternoon Delight is spit your food out funny.
1|3725|This movie SUCKED. I laughed (at the stupid acting, storyline, casting, and action scenes.), I cried (because the damn movie just would never end.) I fell asleep (for obvious and aformentioned reasons.) I saw this movie on prom night with all of my friends and maybe because we were all too busy making fun of it I really missed the whole point..but I doubt it.
5|22153|I really great movie because of the special effects and graphics. I think the story line is very interesting with the humans being used as batteries.
5|15927|It was a very good movie but a little too long.
1|19432|I only have one thing to say, poopy!
5|139|Smart! Scary! Great characterization! Need I say more... I loved it!
1|23962|I was ready to start an insurrection when I saw it. And that was just on video.
5|11599|one of my favorite movies..........just wanna hang out........no big deal
5|887|The entire movie kept me at the edge of my seat. The acting was oustanding and the plot was also great. I ended up seeing the whole movie several times. I also liked the comedy that was added in.
5|17856|This is #1 on my list! Those two little girls still scare the hell out of me...and I'm 30 now!
1|8116|Making fun of Chinese and Black people does not make a good movie!
1|12201|This movie should have never been made. It gaves Harry and Lloyd a bad name.
5|24244|Of all the movies based on comics that have been released, Fantastic Four is probably one truest to the comics and cartoons than any of the others. Already a great comic book series, Fantastic Four is fantastically realized as a theatrical feature. The plot centers around one of the main foes of the FF, Dr. Doom. After gaining their powers, they must face him down as he blames them for his own transformation. The continunity touches are great and include references to Doom's home country, the conflict between The Human Torch and The Thing and more. The acting is very good--especially the actors that portray The Thing and The Human Torch. Jessica Alba is also quite good--and extremely attractive--as the Invisible Girl. The special effects are amazing and the fast pace of the movie never slows down. There are also well-executed elements of humor, and a moment involving an action figure that nearly breaks the fourth wall. Overall, a very fun ride and a good movie.
5|22635|I just want to say, that this was one of the best movies I have ever seen!! I have been watching the x-men animated series for 6 years now and the movie was excellent!!! Everything was correct (according to the series) I hope there will be another one!!.....to be continued.....
5|15099|What a powerful movie. Believe me, this is not a feel good movie. But it is a remarkably well-done film that makes you think. With his variety of camera angles and use of light, director Steven Soderbergh did a tremendous job putting this film together. And the ensemble cast was great, as well. Particularly impressive to me were the performances by Benicio del Toro as the Mexican cop and the girl who played Michael Douglass' daughter. All in all, I highly recommend this film to get an inside look at how drugs impact lives in the ways that you may not immediately realize. Though not for everyone, Traffic will at worst give you something to think about.
5|24250|This is Cronenberg at his best! Has anyone noticed the actors who appear in his films generally put in their greatest performances? Jeremy Irons (Dead Ringers), Jeff Goldblum (Fly), Peter Weller (Naked Lunch), and James Woods in this?
1|4738|What an embarrassing movie! Watching a little rat in cowboy boots, running a major coorperation in a small town inhabited by guniea pigs? Terrible excuse.
5|893|This movie was really good, especially if you like suspense. It wasn't too scary that i had to close my eyes, but I did jump a lot. I especially liked the twist at the end-how everything pieces together and you find out that...
5|17842|My fav. horror movie of all time!! This movie has facinated me since I was a kid! Never forgot the scene where Jack takes the axe to the bathroom door!! Love this flick!!
1|8102|I want 2 hours of my life back. If you didnt live in fraggle rocks garbage heap dont bother.
5|21328|I can never watch this again without thinking of the Hiliarious SIMPSON parody of it!
5|5809|There should be more movies like this -- stories of courageous individuals standing up to group think or complacent norms. Shawshank Redemption is my favorite of these, but this belongs in the same category.
1|12573|Erf, me and my boyfriend went to this movie just to make out, seeing as it was soo boring..
5|20750|Susan Surandan is one of my favorite actresses and i love Tim Curry too. this movie is great it has everything.
5|2800|This movie is funny!!!!! It was alot better than the first one. Alot of action. I highly recommend it!
5|20988|Every girl I know who is my age, watched this movie religiously at sleepovers. It's the best childhood nastoliga I know of. It's cornball plot, ending with the dance where Baby struts her stuff was so cool then, and notorious now. It's fun and you can sing along with all the songs.
5|8493|Kevin Smith's first movie, budgeted partialy on his mother's credit card. It is filmed in black and white, almost giving you the feel that you are watching the characters on a survielance camera. The dialogue gets a little graphic at times, but so does real life. This movie, for anyone who has ever worked serving the public or ever plans to, is a must. I can relate to the scene where the chick is standing beside the big flashing neon sign with the price right in front of her eyes asking Dante How much?. People truly are that stupid. You get a good sense of realism from this movie. An only slightly skewed version of reality for real life clerks. I've been the one behind that counter. Trust me.
5|22147|Excellent movie with great special fx. Thought the directing of the movie was very good and the performance by the actors gave a credible job. The DVD version is very cool, with bits and pieces of the making of the movie. Also had an audiotrack with director's commentary which was cool. Very cool kung fu fighting. 
5|23259|excellent soundtrack realy good movie if hollywood ever does a remake first the soundtrack would suck it would be all yo yo and the movie probaly would be pg 13 so don't ruin a classic leave this one alone its fine just the way it is
5|13615|This is the best movie I've seen all year. When I walk out of a theatre completely speechless and in a daze, this is quite something! If Kevin Spacey and/or Anette Bening don't win Oscars, I'd be very surprised and disappointed.
5|18998|This movie was cool I like vanpier movies in this one they were assholes.
5|4726|A great movie for kids and adults with lots of humor
5|5438|Not only an incredible movie-but arguably the best movie made from a novel by Pierre Boulle.
5|17315|Probably the best and most engrossing film about WW2 ever made. You actually start to sympathise with the crew of what is after all a German U-boat.
5|4040|such a cute movie brought forth that whole spagetti thing i wanted to rent it for my daughter but it was rented out...
5|7549|The Python boys are at it again scoring big with their first fully realized story (discounting the seldom seem, soon forgotten "JAbberwocky", which appeared two or three years before this release) chronicling the saga of Brian Cohen who was born in a manger next door to that of the Messiah on the very same night as the savior's birth. In a series of mishaps and mistaken identities, Brian (Played by the late Graham Chapman) is hounded by Roman soldiers, would be diciples who believe him to be the "true" Messiah, lustful groupies, and rival religious factions. Using the same naughty English schoolboy attack that they are noted for in their television series and the classic "Monty Python and the Holy Grail", the boys further spoof Christianity and the many splinter groups that all claim to be the true and only true believers of the sacred teachings. While this full frontal attack on a popular organized religion may have caused this film to be less well attended than the previously mentioned "Holy Grail", unlike it's predecessor, (which exists primarily as a group of skits loosely woven around a centralized theme) this film has a continuity that leads to an eventual resolution of the plot. The more memorable scenes include: Brian's introduction to the members of the 'People's Front of Judea' (sp?), while working as a vendor during the matinee show at the local gladitorial bloodbath. ("Owls ears! Wren's spleens! Otter's noses! Wolf nipple chips! Get em while they're hot. They're lovely...") Michael Palin appearing on the street as a fast talking begger ("Alms for and old ex-leper.") who's calling in life has become compromised after being cured of his disease by Jesus ("Bloody do-gooder!"), and the film's climax that has Brian and many of his fellow unfortunates hanging on crosses awaiting their final demise while ERic Idle sings a whistful paean to worldly existance with it's refrain, "Always look on the the bright side of life..." You'll leave the screening clutching your stomach, sides aching from belly laughs, and tears of laughter rolling down your cheeks whistling the melody that will never your head.
5|6657|One of the greatest WWII movies of all time.
5|13173|An absolutely marvelous film and one of the few sequels which lived up to the original. The movie is divided into two parts and the action goes back and forth between the two. One part tells the story of a young Vito Corleone, wonderfully played by Robert DeNiro. The other part chronicles the rise in power of Michael Corleone, perfectly played by Al Pacino. If you've never seen this movie, do yourself a favor and rent Godfather and Godfather: PartII. It will be a well spent afternoon.
5|1138|Scarface is a classic that will never die. It is the father of drug dealer movies.
5|9570|I love this film! And any female over 25 can relate to some of Bridget's happenings if not all. Haven't we all sat there on a sofa singing into a hairbrush? Been overally obsessed with our weight? Made blue soup? This film is quite simply hilarious and when she tells her boss/ex lover (Hugh Grant) I'd rather wipe Sadam Hussains a**e, I laughed out loud. YOU GO GIRL! To fully appreciate this film you would have to be female. But there are some guys that like it too. Colin Firth is lovely in it. Renee acts the part naturally and her English accent is excellent too.
5|14608|Cuba Gooding Jr. and Laurence Fishburne are excellent in this movie. This movie is a portrait of ghetto culture and is very realistic. I've seen it many times and actually use some of the lines in conversation with the boyz, You ain't 'posed to go to college to pull no bitches. Yo ass posed to be learnin' somethin. Ice Cube.
5|2425|This is a true example of a modern day sexual action classic. The storyline kept me on the edge as to whether she was or wasn't the killer. The sex scenes definitely gave me a hard on.
5|17301|What I cannot believe is that this is just getting rated. This excellent film has been out now for over 2 years. As a father you should see this film and all of its passion that Roberto Bernini has put into it. You can even see a rarity on film a man and his real life wife acting together and just as passionate as off the silver screen. This film will make you cry and that is that (provided you have a heart).
5|11770|Gigantic artistic effort. Wonderful satire of the Hollywood 'activists' & has a sing-along soundtrack as good as 'South Park: Bigger, Longer, Uncut.' Can't wait for the DVD. One caveat : If U love the cannibalistic deranged torturers who run North Korea, maybe it is not for U.
5|4054|This film is WAY better than the first one. It's really funny!
1|8499|Ah, here lies proof that Kevin Smith is overrated!
5|16779|Nick Cannon did a very good job, and this was a great movie. Not sure why people don't like it.
5|11016|Big Momma's house was the perfect movie to keep you laughing throughout the whole film. Martin Lawerence is an excellent actor.
5|10308|This has got to be the funniest movie out there. Jim Carrey his fabulous! What the heck is it doing all the way down at 127???
5|18754|The greatest horror saga of all time.
5|17467|Has anyone any doubt about if this film is going to win this year's Oscar for Foraign Film category? I'm sure it will! Look carefully to the following actress: Penelope Cruz, really great!!! and she is so pretty... 
5|6125|This movie is actually scarier than the horror films of today, which have a lot more graphic and gratuitous violence. Bette Davis is terrifying as the vicious caretaker of her invalid sister-the scene where she serves her sister a dinner of cooked parakeets(her sister's pets) is frighening and horrifying indeed. Bette Davis chews up the scenery as the loony-toons sister, who despises her sibling. Joan Crawford (of wire-hanger fame) also does a decent job as the mild, long-suffering sister.
5|13601|And what a beauty this is. I haven't seen a film this uncompromising in its search for truth since 1969's Best Picture, Midnight Cowboy. Sure, it's not perfect, but its audacity is exhilirating. And, it's an IMPORTANT film. Wake up, America!
5|15270|I thought this was a really good movie. The story is told really well and the acting is great. This is a really powerful movie and it really makes you think.
1|24572|This is a bad movie, no question. In general this movie consists of several men wanting to screw Jane Fonda who is naked on and off throughout the movie. This movie is some sort of musical style science fiction movie if it is possible for such a thing to exist. I have not seen many things worse than this piece of manure, and I find the film to be generally disgusting. I suppose you might want to rent this if you haven't seen Jane Fonda naked, but there are many other women who look better than her naked.
5|16989|This is the first movie that I've seen since American Beauty that is truly original and captivating. It's one of the few rare films that actually copies no other one; watching it, you definitely will not feel as if you've already seen it several times before...just with different actors. There was not one dull moment to it.
5|5404|Before watching this I had the same mis-conceptions as everyone else about films from this golden age and especially this festive flick. The film fortunately put such doubts to rest. Many will argue it is too sentimental, while partly true, such scenes are handled with the utmost care and NEVER feel corny. Being from this current generation of cynical drones, this film to me, was a revelation. Capra fills each scene with such aplomb that one cannot help but feel slightly moved. The film has the perfect cast especially the immortal Jimmy Stewart and the ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS Donna Reed (underrated, underrated). While labelled as a feel good christmas movie, such a label is disrespectful. The film encompasses a variety of values and emotions, from family, faith, hope, love, aspirations, despair to many others. Although it is a universal film and there are some lighthearted scenes, there are also long periods of darkness and depression (exploiting the talent of Stewart perfectly). If this is a happy, festive film, then it is the most depressing one I have ever seen. Every scene is excellently realised by a director at the pinacle of his craft and furnished with layers of detail and feeling. The film is also complemented by the best cast ever assembled (yep beating all others I think in my opinion). Every performance is refreshing and unlike 99% of all other golden age films (where acting is wooden and dated), the acting and dialogue is wonderfully accomplished and refreshing and has not dated in the least. Many polls do not consider this to be the greatest film ever after all it has to be something 'cool' something for the 'twenty something generation', something like the Godfather or Pulp Fiction. It effortless surpasses my previous favourites: Shawshank Redemption, Magnolia, Truman Show, Se7en and Memento. These films while excellent do not touch me personally in the same way as It's a Wonderful Life. They do not ignite that sense of joy and 'magic'. This is cinematic utopia, a film which breaks free from the boundaries of motion entertainment and into the realms of that little red beating muscle in your chest. And it feels nice.
1|22103|Drug addled nightmare.
5|14146|I was dragged to this. . .I had my mind made up before I saw it- PC junk Boy was I wrong. A solid dramatic film based on real events. Hillary Swank (who clearly has left her awful Karate Kid movie behind her) was terrific and believeable. Good film. . .but unpleasant to watch the final violent sequence- be warned.
5|24085|It surpassed my expectations. The CGI was well done as were the fight scenes. The comic book movie genre has been ressurected with the sucess of X-men. So that explains the sudden boom of comic book movies. Ben Affleck gave a surprising performance in this movie and I don't think it's fair to judge a whole movie based solely on one's grudge against Ben Affleck.
5|13629|American History X is a movie that I think all people need to watch regardless of the violence. This stuff occurs everyday in our country, and nothing is being done about it. It will wake you up and make you feel like improving race relations in our country ! I loved this movie !
5|12537|Another excellent movie more concerned with complex story telling instead of gun play, explosions and enormous body counts. If you are not familiar with Cronenberg's style you might not like it, he's not for everyone.
5|8120|Molly Ringwald is the queen of 1980's films. She was great in The Breakfast Club, and did well in Pretty In Pink. Sixteen Candles was a comedy classic among them all. Her and Anthony Michael Hall are so funny together, and that chinese kid was a riot.
5|7213|Best comedy of all time. A must see for anyone who plans to go to college, is in college, or was in college.
5|15258|The best movie of the year. Near-perfect. Polanski's best since Chinatown.
5|22392|This is the fantasy all others are to be compared to! I grow a big rubbery one just thinking of Conan,(Schwarzenegger) and his muscular, bronzed body ripping enemies apart limb from limb! Unmatched swordplay, and comedy! I pissed my pants! Really! GO see it now!
5|7575|People called Romans, they are going to house
1|20072|It is almost impossible to watch a movie objectively. The viewer brings with him/her, consciously or not, expectations and personal feelings which it is absolutely impossible not to apply to what he/she is watching. This is as it should be. A film I love, others may hate. A film I think is one of the worst ever made, a lot of other people may enjoy. I'll give you an example: I think The Blair Witch Project is one of the worst ever made! A lot of other people enjoyed it. See how it works? I, too, heard the hype. I couldn't wait to see this movie, and actually the first two times I tried, it was sold out. I finally had to go to an afternoon matinee. After I saw the movie, I was more confused than annoyed. I had heard it was scary , terrifying , and so on. Had I seen a different cut of the movie? Maybe I fell asleep without knowing it and missed the scary stuff? So I went to see it again. Then, once more, on home video months later, JUST to make sure. Nope. Still not scary. To me, anyway. It's a simple idea, and would seem to have the potential to be scary: 3 young student filmmakers went to Burkettsville, Maryland, formerly (This is not fact, but fiction invented by the makers of Blair Witch , though Burkettsville itself is real)called Blair, to make a documentary on the Blair Witch, a settler in colonial times by the name of Elly Kedward who supposedly practiced witchcraft. After being exiled from the Blair settlement to die in the woods, she apparently caused a plague to wipe out most of the children in Blair. Hundreds of years later, she is believed by some to still be roaming the woods, causing mayhem and horror aplenty, including inducing a crazy hermit who lived in the woods in the 1940's to kidnap some children and kill them in his basement. They interviewed various locals, then set off into the woods. They became lost. They were victimized at night by strange sounds and someone or something that made little piles of stones outside their tent. One of them disappeared. The remaining two were victimized some more, then they went to the crazy old hermit's abandoned house, dropped their cameras and disappeared themselves. Their footage was found several years later, pasted together and this is what we are watching. This is all well and good. It even has creepy potential. Obviously, something about it was frightening to a lot of people, so what I am about to say is my own opinion, and should not stop anyone from checking out this movie if they are interested. I thought the whole thing played flatly. I found the three non-actors playing the students irritating. They bicker, scream and swear throughout, with no variation on the theme. Despite the implications of the little piles of rocks found outside the tent each morning or the stick figures found hanging from trees, I did not, personally, find these things threatening. If these three jerks were that hot to find out who was putting them there, why not turn off the lights in the tent and stay awake, watching? The noises heard at night in the woods were nebulous, at best. Anyone who has ever gone camping will tell you that the night woods are full of all sorts of strange sounds: breaking sticks, limbs falling, things moving around, even cries that sometimes sound human. I won't complain, as some have, about the jerkiness of the camerawork, because to be fair this is supposed to be raw footage shot by people who were walking through the woods and just filming each other. What I will comment on, though, is the stupidity of the notion that, in the extremity of their terror, ...alone, lost, hunted... as the girl in the funny knit cap so famously intones, her nose running into the camera, even kids as moronic as these would keep filming. Were this as authentic an experience as the makers of this borefest would like us to think it is, these dorks would have dropped the cameras and just started running until they either found their way out of the woods or just keeled over! I will say that the last ten minutes or so of the movie, when the two remaining wonks find the murderous hermit's old house and go inside has a certain amount of tension in it, though considered after the fact, the tension is caused almost entirely by what could potentially happen, rather than by anything that does. That, to me, is the big problem with the whole movie. It represents an hour and a half, give or take, of missed opportunities. And just out of curiosity-since this film represents three dimbulbs shooting footage of their every waking moment while lost in the woods over a three day period, why is only one of them seen going to the bathroom, and then only once? Wouldn't schmucks like these show their limited wit by taking every opportunity to sneak up on one another with the camera during private moments? Would have made the film more interesting, at least for me. 
5|9558|I was the targeted audience when this movie was released. Great commentary on a group of guys in their mid-20s who all have different values and agendas. There are so many scenes in the movie that make me feel like I am experiencing deja-vu from situations I have been in. I think a sequel should be in order.
5|1104|A lot of profanity and violence but it's a classic. Pacino is brillant and comes across a realistic drug-dealing gangster. I want to add the extra's set to my collection.
1|5195|Sucks, need I say more, this was mike myers' worst move
5|21843|This movie is amazing. The storyline is so well written and the acting is also pretty good. I just love the idea of this movie. I could watch this movie over and over again. It is by far the best of the trilogy. I can't believe this movie is already 20 years old. I remember when it came out. This is when you start feeling old.
5|10446|What Women Want...was absolutly hilarious! And can Nick Marshall ever show the audiance a good time in the sack! Its a must see! This will be out on video May 8th, 2001 Mel-hugs Nan 
5|16037|A superb movie. Chow Yun Fat really shows the world what a great actor he is. Jodie Foster is at her usual best. Love every minute of it. Be careful if you're planning to catch this at AMC Century City. I watched it there around Dec 99, and the sound system suck big time. I hope they already fix it. It makes it hard to listen to the words.
5|20591|I love the storyline.
5|5376|A great film to watch every Christmas!
5|22386|Trully the best of the Alien saga, this is a classic Sci-fi with intrigue and probably the best crafted back story I have ever seen. This movie was left completely open for a great sequel and it is a pity it never happened. HR Giger was a genius with the Alien design. The greatest part was the questions the movie left the viewer asking. A little mystery is always good. Anyone who does not like this movie simply does not understand it. Tom Skerrit, Sigourteny Weaver, Yaffat Koto, and John Hurt were great. Definately a great movie for Ridley Scott. The music by Jerry Goldsmith was great. Everyone must see this movie.
5|7561|if you like monty python your life isn't complete when you didn't see this masterpiece.
5|1110|classic movie.. dont know what to say about it but it was very entertaining and the performances were wonderful.
5|23098|I saw this movie three days ofter the release on May 19, 1999, It blew me away. I went home after and the next day I couldn't help but tell everyone how great this movie was. All of the acting by Liam Neeson, Ewan McGregor, Natalie Portman, and Rey Park gave you a good sense on how the surroundings should interact with the actors. Desert scenes with old faces, (Liam Neeson). That's how a movie should work. The fight scenes with Darth Maul and his Dual-Bladed Lightsaber versus Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan, prompted me to go again. The music was excellent, it gave you a good feeling for the action. The best of the 4 Star Wars movies.
5|14634|One of the best films I saw last year. What I liked about it is that there were no special effects or big budget hollywood studios sticking their ore in, just a movie making room for sheer entertainment. Throughout this movie the story keeps you interested, the character's are real the dialogue's convincing not to mention outstanding performances from the children to the adults. A well told story, Clint Easwood is truly a extra-ordinary story teller.
5|1676|All I have to say is that This film should have won the Best Picture Oscar!
5|14152|This is an incredibly powerful film. And it is heart-wrenching, make no mistake about it. The performance by Hillary Swank is utterly amazing, and Chloe Sevigny is also fantastic in her role. It will make the homophobic among us quite uncomfortable, I'm sure. If you can keep an open mind and open heart, you can feel for these people deeply and care what happens to them. Brandon Teena is not portrayed as a perfect person, but as a human being with faults and with dreams and needs that are shunned by most people around him. These things do happen in real life if you choose to recognize it. This film sheds light on intolerance in a pioneering and honest way. I can't recommend it highly enough.
1|15963|Pathetically stupid and completely unrealistic.
1|24566|Lori Petty, I hope this movie affected your career.
5|5410|This is one of my favorite movies of all time. Our family watches this every year at Christmas.A tradition for us.I love the story of a man who has always given up his dreams to help others. He goes through a crisis and thinks about ending his life . and down comes Clarence the angel.He shows George what life would have been like for others if he had never been born.George finds how important he is to those around him and decides he wants to live. the very last scene where the town rallies around for George is still a tearjerker. I love feel good movies and this is a good one. James Stewart is perfect as George Bailey.the other actors are fine too.
5|18768|The best scary movie ever!
5|16976|Have to give it a 5 due to the acting. Parts of the storyline were not great, but how can you not love Ellen Burstyn, Sandra Bullock, Maggie Smith, etc.? Well worth watching.
5|2394|what a great movie...A chef-d'oeuvre
5|18783|I loved Daveigh Chase as Samara Morgan. Daveigh Chase will go far in the cinema. You have to see the Japanese film, read the novel and the comic book to understand this movie better though.
5|21102|this should be in the #1 spot. the beatles are the best and this movie is the greatest.
1|17147|This movie was just plain unadulterated terrible, shame on Winona and Richard for ever agreeing to do this. I hope Winona gets real fat and that Richard goes bald...My wife and I suffered through this and were both discusted, I was waiting for Eddie Scissorhands to come and rescue something.
5|1845|I thought Bruce Lee was the bomb. I loved the way Bruce Lee killed that dude at the end. I love asian power.
5|14807|'It's such a perfect day, I'm glad I spent it with you!' I very darkly humoured look at heroin addiction in Edinburgh. Sharp, wittly, caustic and full on intelligent social commentary. THE film which propelled Ewan McGregor towards Hollywood stardom. Robert Carlyle gives his best performance I've seen to date as the dysfunctional alcoholic Begbie. If you liked this try watching Shallow Grave. Not quite as good but still has Danny Bolye's tar black sense of humour.
5|4083|Yes for the home team! This was a great movie for the kids and us big kids.
5|3934|Fantastic computer graphics and storyline. Tom Hanks always seems to be at his best when it comes to children films. The actors voices are brilliant and the characters lovable. I love this film so much that my partner bought me TS1 2 on DVD for christmas! 
5|4097|Hilarious and action packed. Don't be fooled into thinking this is a film for kids only. The adult humor in it is pretty good.
5|21670|I think this one is the best out of all the other Star Wars. It has everything: cool fight scenes, good story, cool special effects, Chewbacca, Ewoks....
5|313|An AWSOME story along with AMAZING acting A must see.
5|3920|Not just a kids movie. There are a lot of jokes in it that many kids might not understand.
5|5389|If there was a rating higher than 5, I would give it. People need to look past the mistaken idea that this is a Christmas movie and see that it is a movie that can be viewed all through the year...and with every viewing you get something new. It just grabs your heart. James Stewart, as far as I am concerned, was the greatest actor Hollywood has produced. He is sheer brilliance in this movie. To watch him fall apart is to see what happens to many people in dire straits. You live it with him. When he realizes just how blessed he is, you share that joy with him too. I think, of all the movies Mr. Stewart did, this is the one that he will be remembered for 100 years from now. And they will still be remarking on the brilliance of the film and the performances. While he is by far the best thing about the movie, that is not to say that the others were less than wonderful. The whole cast was astoundingly fabulous. As you can see, this IS my favorite movie. Mr. Stewart made this film just after he returned from service in WWII. With everything he lived through during the war, it is a mature Jimmy we see. As loved as George Bailey was, Jimmy is even more loved. I just wish the people of that time realized the quality of the film. I am glad they do now.
5|22379|This has got to be my favorite sci-fi horror film ever made. This is Ridley Scott's master peice of horror. I would have to say this is the best of the Alien saga. I know alot of people would beg to differ and say Aliens beats Alien. I disagree. Which is harder? To create a movie with blood, guts, explosions and machine guns with alot of marines screaming f*ck me sh*t every other line or to create a movie with blood and guts but instead of gun fire use a plot line character development and a story that actually touches on many deep seated fears. Alien is a great meditation on isolation,lose of hope and dispair. There really is no good happy message to be taken from alien. Which is almost true with alot of real life situations. The real message is damn the man. The government is working against us! They don't care who dies as long as our nation has the best weapons. Very good performances from a talented ensemble cast. Fantastic directing from master Ridley Scott. And above all one of the most enfamous movie monsters ever devised. A treat filled with jumps and chills and alot of dark sci-fi beauty. Highly Racomended. Check out the rest of the series if you get a chance. All are pretty good films by ground breaking directors.
5|6858|to get technical, this is an absurdist movie. if you've never seen it, i can happily recommend it not because it is essential viewing by some pretentious gen-x standard, but because it is simply one of the funniest movies that has ever been made. do yourself a favor, and watch it. go on, you deserve it.
5|14813|Wow! For a twisted movie this one is really, really good. It covered many socio-topics and portrayed the cast almost magically. By the end of the film I was exhausted, having seen the lives of the people grow or die. The bathroom scene and swimming in the toilet dream will forever be burned in my mind.
5|1851|I thought that it was a good breakout movie for Bruce Lee. I think however that the storyline followed very much like a James Bond movie. I thought that the martial arts were great, and more movies should show martial arts.
5|1689|Breathtaking!
1|15744|suck
5|475|There were several chracteristics that made this an excellent movie. First, it had a good blend of humor, second, the action sequences were mild enough for all audiences, and third, the language was controlled.
5|18797|Her slayed corpse rests still// her ghost within the tape// watches the watcher 
5|2380|Awesome movie with great suspense. Jodie Foster did a great acting job too.
5|4929|A classic disney movie, this is one of my favorites. Making the characters animals was ingenious, and it's written and played as well as most of the other classic disney movies of it's time. This one is a little less known compared to others, but still a great movie nonetheless.
5|21116|Surprisingly enjoyable. Only having seen horrid high school adaptions before, the movie was a big entertaining surprise. Mary Tyler Moore is much more than Laura Petrie or Mary RIchards. Great Movie. IJR says check it out!
1|3241|Just another slutty James Bond movie.
5|1879|it was fantastic i enjoyed it a lot
5|13832|This is the most memorable movie I have ever seen!
1|10614|it's sad really... people watch that? it had no real amusing points... but my sides to hurt from laughing at the crappy acting...Hue Grant needs a better job
5|14185|I wish there was a six-star rating for this one. It is so important to see a) because the story is devastating and revealing and really happened, and b) because Hilary Swank is astonishing and deserves to rise up from her seat next Sunday and take home that Oscar. Unbelievable.
5|24046|Oh I LOVE this movie! Um, not so much the ending. I don't want to give anything away, but some ppl might not like the ending. But OVERALL this movie rules! I'm giving it the full 5 stars, for amazing graphics and forth-coming efforts! Congratulations Squaresoft! Give us another movie, but make it less Sci-fi and more fantasy-like.
5|20220|not the best troma movies, but definately one of the better ones. this movie is really funny, and it had a lot of really far out, original stuff that only the sick, genius mind of lloyd kauffman could dream up. as for the acting and effects go , well, its definately troma. a must see, troma classic, i mean how can you say you have lived if you havent seen the toxic avenger?
5|18967|The funniest of the Evil Dead series. Bruce Cambell is like a comic book which gives this movie it's edge.
1|7741|A pure work of genius. A testement to why we should let the left-wing take over the country and even run the military. Kubrick knows best. Give me a friggin' break. What a s@it festival.
1|12765|A documentary - really? I thought it was more of a feature length cartoon. Ever heard of out of context creative editing? You know, like special effects. Manipulation. Get it? Or, do you really believe Superman can fly?
5|21880|Great movie, I still remember the day I first saw it. I thought it was one of the best movies ever made, and still do. It had everything: suspense, humor, action, and great twists to the plot. Top of the line movie, good for every age group.
5|10485|So funny! See it with college pals and laugh your butt off!
1|5156|Who in the right mind would watch this movie? It could bore you to tears worse than Margaret Atwood.
1|10172|'clueless'...how appropriate...seems the producers knew it from the beginning...any you airheads rating this movie great: of 10 million sperm, YOU were the faster????
5|6870|Monthy Pyton takes the price! Is there any better comedians than them? Hey! Watch out for the killer rabbit!!! =) 
5|12292|One of the best Tom Green movies and one of my all time favourites. Its hilarious. Its about a guy who promises his niece that she would pay her tuition to Harvard, but also promises his fiancee to buy a house. He tries to make them both happy by spending his savings on a house and tries to think of a way to get $20000 for his niece with his friend Duff played by Tom Green. Needless to say...hilarity ensues!
5|13198|One of my all-time favorite movies. Perfect acting by a perfect cast. Wow.
5|8849|Was never a blockbuster, but everybody has seen it. For sure a classic at portraying the timeless similarities of highschools everywhere. Extremely funny and nostalgic.
1|5142|Despite some good special effects, this film is ruined by two forced, truly silly and horrid performances by Frankie Muniz and Hilary Duff. Their chemistry is horrendouz. To make things worse, it uses Angie Harmon as the good old sex goddess to attract young teens. Yummy! Avoid at all costs.
5|6864|What an utterly stupid movie. I'll be kind and give it the proper rating it deserves (5 stars). It is funny... ..... http://www.flingthecow.com/ Hope this helps. ----- 
5|12286|Ishtar is en extremly funny movie. It is a real spoof of Lawrence Of Arabia-type movies, and it really does work in spots. It is pretty goofy and the scripts got confusing, but it's pretty funny.
1|12771|Michael Moore is a rabid animal. Put him to sleep, please.
5|21894|this movie was great. it makes one look at life and what it actually means.
5|17498|Hard movie to watch but really fine. And Gael Garcia Bernal is an actor to watch!
5|18973|This movie has great graphics, gore, and it's funny as hell. Everything was made well and it's one of my favorite movies.
5|13826|This is the greatest film I have ever scene, although it is too sad to be my favourite. The epitome of dramatic acting is highlighted in the Russian roulette scene where the acting is so believeable, its frightening. De Niro and walken are truly superb.
5|14191|An excellent movie. It has it all- mystery, action, political intrigue and sex. Fabulous costumes and scenery, lush cinematography. This movie was gyped of its Oscars by Shakespeare In Love. 
5|24052|This movie had an interesting yet more complicated story line. The graphics were very good considering what year it was made.
5|10490|Great movie. Not only is Tom Green hysterical, but the movie was funny as a whole. It was definitely worth the money to see.
5|21895|If nobody knew anything about movies and entertainment and all of a sudden Hollywood came out with the 9, 10, 11 thousand movies that have ever been made all at once, and I could see a preview of what all the movies were about, with every movie hitting the big screen at this very time with ticket prices at $50 or higher, Terminator 2 is the very first movie I'd go and see, because it would have the most stimulating appeal upon the way I think of entertainment. Dramatized action scenes, sheer adrenaline and sustained momentum all throughout the movie. A sci-fi storyline in a real world setting. Brilliantly pieced together. A genuine masterpiece. To say it's not my favorite movie would be like saying the sun's surface is kind of warm. 
1|3532|What in the hell is bobbybo thinking! Action is all I can say about this movie but was it edge of your seat action? NO! Was the acting good? No! I hope they stop making the movie the day they come out with it on tape!!! AAAAHHHHH crap
5|22344|This is the best movie I have ever seen. Although I am brought close to tears upon mention of Christopher Reeves, my childhood hero, after his tragic accident and then the car commerical in which he walks gives me hope for the future.
5|6865|Simply the very best not only in British humor - which I admit to being happily biased toward - but in humor period. If you can't laugh at these guys, you probably can't laugh at anything. Watch it every chance you get - especially when you want to escape the gray doldrums of winter.
1|10167|They should have called it Stupid if not for Alica Silverstone it would have been a complete waste of time.
5|8848|This is a hilarious depiction of the 1970's high school experience. A dope filled tale of rebellious high school graduates getting wild on grad nght. Entertaining.
5|13199|The only film Ive watched more than 10 times
1|19143|This movie was pointless. The plot was typical. The movie didn't make any sense. It tried too hard. The movie took typical parts from other movies and tried to put it together as one.
5|14190|I loved everything about this movie.I think it should have won the acadamy award,even though shakespear in love was good .Cate made this movie for me,she should have got the best actress award,she got screwed.The music was terific the costumes,the actors,it made me want to learn more about elizabeth and english history in general.
5|22422|Wow! What an incredible movie! First Return of the Jedi was my favorite, then Phantom Menace and now Attack of the Clones! We're talking great acting, awesome special effects and battle scenes and even great humor with Jar-Jar and 3P0. Not even the extended length is a downer! Highly recommended for all!
1|8301|What a dog(ma) of a movie. yuck.
1|12016|I am a huge Adam Sandler fan, which is why I went to see this movie. However, I was terribly disappointed at the gross stupidity of this movie. It was not even one those movies that is so stupid it's funny. The humor was disgusting and definately a poor representation of Adam Sandler's talent as an actor and producer. I would have given this film a rating of 0 if it were an option.
5|4914|THis movie is great, mixing a Disney moral with well executed comedy and great acting. In an almost Star Trek-plot, the main character meets his child-self from the past and decides to improve his life, in which he is kind of a jerk . A family-friendly movie that comes highly recommended!
5|17499|Oh yes, Love IS a Bitch.
5|18966|This movie is better than chocolate!
5|16793|What makes this movie excellent is not the landscape happy direction by Sean Penn, but rather the sad and mellow performance by Jack Nicholson, who is obviously always incredible. This time, however, his worn and tired look matched with his obsessive tendencies and he was at peace and unrest in a way that not many other actors are capable of. I enjoyed this somber film very much.
1|19157|This movie sucked! It had the worst music, and the storyline was horrible.
5|24047|This movie is awesome. When I watched this movie, I forgot they were animated. I felt as if they were real people. The storyline didnt come close to any of the storylines in the series, but it was great.
5|14184|This movie is well worth the price of admission. Hilary Swank gives a stellar and convincing portrayal of Brandon Tina. I highly recommend this movie to everyone. Keep in mind it is a bit disturbing. 
5|13833|This movie is definitely not for the faint of heart, but what a great movie. The movie focuses on a group of friends and the impact that Vietnam has had on their lives. Christopher Walken is incredible as a guy who just can't get over the horrors of his capture. And, Robert DeNiro and Meryl Streep give great performances, as well. This isn't your typical Vietnam movie in that it doesn't focus so much on the war itself. Instead, you gain a great understanding of how lives were absolutely ruined even for the survivors. If you're looking for light Friday night fare, this isn't the movie for you. But if you're looking to be moved, this would be a good choice.
1|18249|That was a terrible movie!!! I can not believe that you thought that, that was scary!!! That is astupid movie!!! 
5|6871|Statement:Monty Python's the Holy Grail is not the funniest movie of all time. Reply:Yes it is. 
5|22350|One of my favorite movies growing up. Christopher Reeve is perfect playing a nerdy Clark Kent and using terms like swell . On the other hand he plays Superman to a fantastic billing. Oscar winner Gene Hackman is perfectly cunning as Lex Luther.
5|3909|A great movie for kids and adults. Great characters, great songs. great storyline. An unforgettable story.
5|21881|This movie is solid gold! I love every thing about it. The 80s rocked, and this movie proves it!
5|21659|I love the teddys!
5|14812|I still can't believe over in America they had to have subtitles for this film. If you think that was a heavy Scottish accent in the film, you haven't heard my grandad! Even I can't understand him! Right, back to the film. The issue in the film was very contraversial when it was first released and was seen as glamourising drug use. I have never heard so much crap in my entire life! They obviously didn't watch the film. Its very daunting, can be humourous and acted out very well. It portrays the depression of parts of society up in Scotland which also can be reflected to anywhere in the modern world. Outstanding.
5|22378|Alien is the best space horror flick ever made. The special effects are exquisite, and eventhough the viewer can predict the deaths of some characters, Ridley Scott is still able to surprise the audience. The performances of Sigourney Weaver and John Hurt are brilliant, and the story has no equal. The tension of the characters is easily conveyed to the audience.
5|6859|Zany British humor cannot be done better than by the Monty Python troop. My father made me watch this when I was young, and ever since then, I have been hooked on Monty Python. Their hilarity is of a most unique brand, and this movie stands out as probably being their most widely accepted film by American audiences. There is absolutely no character development, and for good reason. Their wit is outstandingly brilliant, and this film is filled with some of the best brainless comedy around. The audio and film work are below average, probably due in part to the film's budget and its foreign development. This film is highly recommended, and now for something completely different. 
5|8874|Great movie while smoking pot, you can really relate to it when smoked out. Cheech and Chong are so funny in this one, it almost seems like they are really stoned, they played it off well.
1|21386|Lame and dimwitted story line. B-Movie material with an A-list budget. Proof positive of the disminished capacity and ability of the American Cinema.
5|6681|James Whale proves why he is the greatest director of horror films with THE INVISIBLE MAN. Claude Rains was the perfect choice for the Invisible One considering that fact that he acted almost completely with his voice. And what a voice it is!
5|5388|This is a true classic that I have pased on to my children. At 30, 33 and 36 they still watch this show as a tradition of their childhood. My oldest even discusses this in his Literature class he teaches to middleschool.
5|312|Awesome movie. Rarely does a holywood releases something noteworthy.
5|21671|Another Great Star Wars Movie!!! Loved the Ewoks!
5|21117|I liked both versions, although I found the 90s version to be much darker. Judas goes to Heaven in the original, but goes to Hell in the newer version. All of the older version was filmed outdoors, and all of the newer version was filmed indoors. They Godly chorus was altered in the newer version to be more of Satan's chorus ("Good old Judas, poor old Judas" carries different meaning for instance). It's based on the book of John, which ironically is the most anti-Jewish of the Gospels (refers to the bad guys as "the Jews" while the synoptic gospels all refer merely to "the scribes, pharisees, and sadducees." So it's ironic that one of the most liberal interpretations of Christ is based on the least liberal Gospel.
1|24598|So luminously dreadful it makes the first version look adequate.
5|4928|Great adaption of the childrens classsic. Great soundtrack by the late Roger Miller. Every mood captured in the movie by animation, soundtrack and voiceovers.
5|18796|That movie was one of the best movies i have ever seen!
5|474|I think this was the best one of the series. Sean Connery was great in it. The end is great when he has to go through the temple thing with all the obstacles, and then he picks the right cup. The writing of these movies is so good- Harrison Ford is the man!
5|1850|This is the best movie that Bruce Lee ever made. All the fight scenes are realistic. Bruce Lee is the best there ever was. No one will ever take his place.
1|17152|Maudlin nonsense that portrays the Hollywood witch hunts as an inconvenience similar to not being able to get a table in a fashionable restaurant. Streisand and Redford have the same profound chemistry you can see between department store window manniquins.
1|11537|I was hoping the snake would pop out of the screen and put us out of our misery...
5|1844|One of the best movies Bruce Lee made and it was his last. Great action in this movie and Bruce Lee was awesome.
5|21103|It really was the Beatles who began putting visual aid to their music. Analysts still now look on this movie from the mid '60s for inspiration on great theatrical pictures.
1|15989|I hated the book and I hated the movie. Kids going around brandishing knives and families falling apart? Where's the fun in that? My vision of the 50s goes more along Leave it to Beaver or Happy Days lines than this uninspired, headache-inducing dreck. No fun at all.
5|2395|I recognize this film as great due to the fact that it is not a typical Hollywood format. The film has an explosive, disturbing beginning and ends in unexpected blast!
5|18782|One of my favorite recent horror movies.
5|16977|A great movie with a fantastic cast. Very funny lines. Almost any movie with Ellen Burstyn is great.
5|3935|This movie was great. Offered a lot of new and cool aspects of animation and imagination. Much better than I had expected. A great story for anyone.
5|306|this movie is a great choice for someone who wants action. The hand to hand combat and other fighting scenes are fantastic,a nd the plot is great too. Russell Crowe and Joaquin Phoenix give excellent performances. a must-see!
5|21665|This film was the perfect close to the most explosive trilogy in film history. Of the three origional films, this one is definately my favorite for a number of reasons. The battle scenes were wonderful, and the special effects, were, as to be expected coming from George Lucas, absolutely breathtaking. Everything seemed to come into place in this film with the death of Yoda and the subsequent death of Darth Vader. I enjoyed the last 30 minutes of the film the most, espescially the final battle scene between Vader and Luke, and I thought that having Vader save his son by killing the Emperor was the perfect way to solidify that old saying- blood is thicker than water. At least that is how I interprited it. In my opinion, this one was the best of the entire trilogy and the perfect closure. BTW, the Ewoks are awesome!
5|4082|Good movie for kids, plenty of excitement...keeps children attentive.
5|14806|Great movie, but an even greater sound track.
5|8860|lol don't be stupid, be a smarty, come and join the nazis party. a hippie hitler. some funny sh*t
1|11251|This is the first film that Billy Bob Thornton let me down, as did the directors. Perhaps they should have watched some film noir before they tried to ape it. If they had they would have noticed that the main characters do more than just smoke and ponder.
5|23072|Palpatine is the Phantom Menace,he is the genius, I said this in 1999 when everyone was bitching about how weak the movie was and that Darth Maul was cool but got killed off. In 1977 George Lucas said he did the middle part of his saga first because it was the area that was the most actioned oriented and the most likely to be a hit, well he was right and made alot of money and gained loads of respect as a filmaker. now with the new star wars films he is able to tell more of the events that lead up to what happened in the first three movies, and these events are not as exciting from the action oriented standpoint. these films are important in that without all the political stuff in them none of the action in the first three movies would have happened. the focal point of the new films is the downfall of the republic and the rise of the empire, and alot of that takes place in the senate not the battlefield. one thing i can say about the phantom menace is that it only makes me want to know more about palpatine, because he is the one who is running the show here, not the jedi not darth maul. in jedi the emperor failed to hold my interest, but that was because i did not know about all that is showing up in the new movies, now all i want to do is learn more about palpatine. he is far worse than any of the villans in any of the star wars movies, aside from boba fett he is my favorite character of all the movies. look under the surface of the phantom menace and it is a superior movie to even the first three. palpatine is the phantom menace.
5|6695|Coop is an American fighting for the Reds in Republican Spain in this rendition of the Hemingway novel. Ingrid Begman is lovely, but casting her as a Spaniard?
5|1111|Here's your chance to see Pacino with his face in a pile of coke. This movie is great.
1|20067|My advice - do not rent, buy or even waste your time watching this thing with friends. Unless, of course, you're in the mood to make fun of something that will barely challenge your skills in sarcasm. It is by far the most inane but successful waste of celluloid I have ever had the displeasure of witnessing. As much as I hate to admit it, I bought a $6.00 bargain copy - suckered in by my own curiosity and the cagey promotional stunt as seen on the Sci-Fi channel. Sci-Fi's promotional documentary , while very shrewd and effective, was still basically a big fat lie. Still, it was more cleverly done and coherently put together than the actual film. I completely agree with Molfan - 90 minutes of your life you will never get back.
5|19311|JASON FOREVER AND BEYOND
5|4069|This one is way better than Toy Story. I'm not saying the first one is bad, but this one is a blast!! My friend and I were two crazy adults laughing out tears out in the theatre. The graphics are excellent. The plot is fantastic, funny and touching at the same time. Definitely recommended.
5|5377|Best Christmas movie of all time, hands down. Jimmy Stewart was brilliant!
5|2418|Sharon Stone clenches this movies at the Femme Fatale. I would have prefered to see someone else other than Michael Douglas other than the lead character. Loved Lelani Sorrell as Roxy and it was an intersting 'whodunnit' too.
5|20590|A great adaptation of Romeo and Juliet with some southside Bronx flavor. Natalie Wood shines in this movie. If you like hopeless romantic movie, this timeless feature is for you. It holds up very well with time.
5|5411|In my opinion, this is about the tenth greatest movie eleven months out of the year. But during December, it is number one!
5|19477|A great movie...pretty interesting!
5|23927|love kevin spacey. great movie
5|12522|MUNICH is a triumph. (JAWS : fish bites boat.......... ET : a fuggly alien can be cuddly....... SAVING PRIVATE RYAN : WWII was about dumb-dumb Matt Damon ? ) This movie is Speilberg's redemption song. Eric Bana is a knight on a quest to vanquish evil, but as we know, like the poor, our lord said evil will always be with us...our best friend our intimate enemy. The violence and the shock value puts other hacks to shame........ ( Scott / Scorcese / Attenborough / Coppolla / Peckinpah / Tarantino etc ) These lessons of Munich will be learned & re-learned, off screen & off -----God help us.
5|15259|Not mean to be a documentary, The Pianist follows the story of a Warsaw survivor. Excellent, excellent, excellent. Brody works magic on the screen.
5|7212|The greatest representation of college life ever to hit the screen.
5|8121|This is one of those movies that I can watch over and over again. It's a great movie, especially for a teenager. Not exactly 5 STAR HILARIOUSLY FUNNY but it's more than a comedy. As a movie in general it's one of the best.
5|13628|How can you not like this masterpiece? I have seen it dozens of times. I never get bored of it. If you haven't seen this epic, I advise you do. Brilliant!!!
5|1663|All i can say is WWWWOOOWWWW
5|10321|so funny, if i would've been filming it i wouldv'e been a little iffy, but they took a chance and it worked!
5|5405|A timeless classic
5|5363|To Kill a mockingbird is one of my favorite movies of all time... It reminds me of my childhood. I always wanted a dad like Attials.
5|21842|back to the future is a classic only star wars can take away! great movie awsomely exsiting realy awsome charactors! i have the box DVD set it is realy cool i put this movie in all the time make me feel so good about myself makes me want to build a time machince! ive actully tried it befor i spent two million dollors and an exact copy of the car on back to the future and almost died tring to make it work! JUST KIDDING! HAHA! this movie is one youll have to buy and the box dvd set is awsome!!
5|20584|I did this one (off Broadway) so I am partial. I love the music and dancing . I would have voted this my favorite musical until Moulin Rouge came along. Natalie Wood did a wonderful acting part but why couldn't they get a real singer/actress to do the lead role instead of the obvious dubbing of Ms. Wood's voice
5|1105|One of Al Pachino's best roles. Absolutely wonderful!!
5|9559|Sup Peeps this movie ROCks the house
5|7574|I'm Brian and so is my wife...
5|22393|Conan (schwarzenegger) is the ultimate barbarian in this one as he shows off his sword, fighting, and strength skills. he slays monsters, bends bars (under the waterfall) and fantasizes about beautiful Valeria, and almost hooks up with 18 year old princess. the entire movie she dreams of what lies under arnolds loin cloth (very sexy and romantic) Conan crushes all of his enemies in this one including 7'1" Bombatta (chamberlain) he nearly wets himself when he sees conan coming toward him with his steel sword. watch for conan lifting open the gate as bombatta trys to help so that Malik caN slip inside to lock it off. This is very action packed, its a must see, and you better pray to CRUM that conan the destroyer doesnt come for you next!!!!!!!
1|2823|Bond movies ended when they ran out of books to base them on. Brosnan is utterly unconvincing, the plot is minimal and ludicrous, the casting belongs on a BBC TV sitcom. Give up before they devalue the quality of those made pre 1975
1|8498|What kind of drivel is this? It doesn't bother me that it is black and white, because some of my favorite movies (Bringing Up Baby, Aresnic and Old Lace) are black and white. What does bother me is the complete and utter lack of talent and creativity found in this overrated film. The entire setting and situation is wholly uncreative. A gas station? Good grief. Also the dialogue is peppered with mean-natured scatalogical jokes and the foulest of words. Kevin Smith should have never gotten into business.
5|4055|This is the only great sequel out there and it's funny and wonderful!! I recommend this is the only sequel to turn your frown upside down!! 
5|17300|No, what say the title or name. Well, this movie is as: lat us make the things better, with a smile, with a resultq: human being respectfullity for us Mother Earth. Let us Life: that's so beautiful or not? Franscis 
5|2424|I love the opening scene in the movie, because there is a girl with a nice ass banging some guy. The movie keeps you in suspense.
5|18033|The best horror flick I've ever seen.
5|14609|I thought this movie sent a lot of good messages. It made you think and realize things like why there are liquor stores on every corner in black neighborhoods and why blacks are killing blacks. It was sad yet uplifting. I thought it was pretty realsitic too.
5|13166|The best mob-movie there is. all of the crew is excellent, but De Niro steals the show as young vito corleone. The scene that micheal sees his brother dying is one of the best there is.
5|9571|This movie was so great. Any female who faces the dating dilemmas Bridget Jones does can relate to this movie. Renee Zellweger was abolsutely hilarious in this role-and so convincing that an English acquaintance of mine thought that Renee Zellweger was British, intstead of Texan. She really should have gotten the Oscar for this role. She was so good in it.
5|1893|FACE OFF RULES!
1|17191|Vanity Fair is a cure for your insomnia. 2 hours of boring fluff!
5|6124|What's not to like about Bette Davis chewing up scenery and making Joan Crawford miserable? Fantastic movie. Great performances by all concerned.
5|17466|What a delightful movie. Amazing that Almodovar is still able to get mileage from his constant themes of sexual estrangement and confusion, but he does, though this movie is about a lot more than that. It's beautifully shot, too, and the acting is terrific.
1|15786|Not worth my time or money.
5|10309|I think this is a great movie . I have seen this so many times I know it word for word through the whole movie and I can do the fast-talking sequence ( what you wouldn't read about is how ray finkle lost his mind was committed to a mental hospital only to escape and join the police force under the assumed identity of a missing hiker manipulating his way to the top in a diabolical scheme to get even with Dan Marino who he blamed for the entire thing ) faster than Jim Carrey in the movie and yet I still laugh at the jokes. My favourite part is when Ace turns up at Ray Finkles house and says hi, I'm looking for Ray Finkle then a shotgun is pointed to is head. He replies and a clean pair of shorts . And when asked over the phone by Courtney Cox where he is , he says I'm in Phsychoville and Finkle's the Mayor . All in all one of Carreys best performances. The sequel was crap.
1|14498|I respect Tom Hanks as an actor. I like many of his movies. But, c'mon... what were you thinking Tom? The movie was 2 1/2 hours long, and 2 hours of it was just YOU on the island. It could have been a better flick but, should've cut out most of the volleyball Wilson crap. HORRIBLE!!!
1|23234|This movie was okay, but should be further down on the list.
5|16778|Great cast. Good story line, but a bit predictable. Surprised the two main characters didn't share the same love interest. Very refreshing to see a movie with a predominantly Black cast show something positive, without the violence, drugs, and sex. There is no defeatist attitudes abounding in this movie, and it gives people a chance to see the wonderful paegentry of the Marching Bands of the Historically Black Colleges and Universities. 
5|2356|One of my personal favorites once I could understand the plot. I love the movie because it was original and sexy. Tom Cruise did a fabulous job at holding the audience in suspense. I own the soundtrack.
5|5439|A character study of men in wartime and I would say David Lean's best film. A three hour movie but Lean is able to hold the audience's attention by developing the characters in the first hour. The story is about Allied soldiers in World War II held prisoner in a Japanese camp and forced to build a bridge. William Holden plays an American soldier who escapes and is rescued by British soldiers who ask him to go back in there plan to blow up the bridge. Holden's actubg is wonderful. However the most powerful performance and one of the best ever shown on the screen is that of Alec Guiness as Colonel Nicholson who due to his honor and convictions refuses to kowtow to the head of the Japanese prison camp demands. The head of the camp Col Saito was played brilliantly by Sessue Hayakawa. The last scene in the movie is a classic and will have you on the edge of your seats. This movie is not to be missed.
5|4727|Wonderful movie based on a true story. My little scottie is very old now and I know she won't be with us much longer. The ending of this movie is so sad.
5|18999|A very well thought out movie exploring the vampire/liekens (werewolves to you and I) mythologies and giving it a new relationship. The plot could have been filled out a little bit more, but what was there combined with the action scenes, SFX and the photography definately made up for it.
1|17185|Ponderous, portentious and pretentious. Use one of the feathers to tickle the back of your throat and you can bring up this load of garbage.
5|9203|Different kind of movie. Really interesting. I think it molds psychological ideas in it.
5|13614|Excellent movie. Pretty 'deep' though, so don't expect you'll understand it easily. Very funny.
5|6130|Extremely well written and acted; very suspenseful. A great classic film.
5|1139|Scarface is a classic. It will always be a great movie, no matter how many times I watch it.
5|13172|The only sequel to outdue the original. The flashback scenes were so amazing (Signor Roberto trying to leave the office). The acting was perfect as well as the directing.
1|21351|I guess you have to be an idol fan or 10 years old to enjoy this. My pre-teen loved it. I guess she should rate it...AHHHHH!!! Justin, get a hair cut! The hair is hidious!
5|6656|Great film. Gregory Peck, David Niven, Anthony Quinn and others on a Greek Island fighting the Germans.
5|7548|Eddie Murphy and Dan Akroyd at their absolute best..Jamie lee looks incredible, and is quite sweet as the hooker turned girlfriend . This movie belongs on every list or classic comedies. Still makes me laugh today!
1|24229|This was an AWFUL film it went on for WAY TO LONG and there were way to many science bits blabering on about nothing and how did the hulk lose all his clothes except his pants?
5|17314|I laughed! I cried...hysterically!
5|18027| CARRIE WAS THE FIRST HORROR FILM I EVER SAW AND I STILL THINK,DESPITE IT`S AGE THAT IT IS THE ULTIMATE HORROR SHOCKER IT HAS GOOD DIRECTION,A GREAT CAST AND SOME OF THE GREAT SHOCK MOMENTS IN ALL OF HORROR. IT ALSO HAS ONE OF HORRORS BEST EVER SCORES WRITTEN BY PINO DONAGGIO PLAYING THROUGHOUT. ALL IN ALL UNMISSABLE..... 
1|12214|The worst movie ever. Lawerence can't act, period.
5|5808|I feel so claustraphobic every time I watch that movie
5|17843|what do you do when jack goes mad? truly one of the foundations of horror today. this movie is well, monumentary. amazing performance by jack nicholson who plays a winter caretaker of the overlook hotel, who slowly turns mad throughout the movie to the point of trying to kill his family who is staying at the hotel with him for the winter. its great to see jack's amazing acting ability shine as you watch madness slowly possess his mind throughout the movie until he turns into this beast at the climax in one of the most memorable chase scenes in movie history. scince its from stanley kubrick, the director of clockwork orange, you know that it promises to be visualy stunning. a must see for any true horror fans out there.
5|892|I just saw this movie and I loved it. I watched the tape about four times in one weekend. I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a genuinely good movie.
1|10403|NOT FUNNY
5|22620|Great acting, great costumes, great effects, and great plot. Worth all $8, plus a nice a shot of Hugh Jackman without his shirt. Great for all ages.
5|14392|A classic, awesome movie filled with tons of old cars. Keeps people's hearts beating and is entertaining.
5|24251|this shouldn't be in sci fi, though it involves no magic. it's really psychological horror. cronenberg, who i'm now convinced was dropped on his head as an infant, does the same thing in another film of his, existenz but with virtual reality. videodrome blurs personal identity and tethers its characters to psychosis with brainwashing videotapes, that ultimately, along with the weird-ass score, create new nauseating depths of perversion. cool film. blondie's in it, and she's cute.
1|16714|This is the only movie that I have ever walked out of. The story and characters were uninteresting. The movie just seemed to drag on and on. It was that boring.
5|15932|I gave this movie a 5 because it's a beautiful movie both visually and story-wise. It was made to appease both Hollywood and the actual book it's based on! Great actors made it come to life-not just the main ones.
5|23258|Awesome movie great stories, great music and nice animation. Pity they never made a follow up, it was well done and the animation was very revealing.
5|9954|This has got to be the funniest film that I've seen in years. The story was great and some of the scenes are so gross that they kind of disgusted me. Yet it is still funny as hell. I recommend this movie to anyone. A must see film.
5|20989|I find myself watching this film every single time that it is on TV and enjoying it each time. Maybe that makes me Swayze crazy, but if the shoe fits... Everyone agrees that Swayze and Grey are both really good, but Jerry Ohrbach is also great as Baby's father who is struggling with some of the decisions made by his younger daughter. Strong soundtrack, as well, even the song sung by Swayze himself.
1|8665|From what I've heard and seen of the movie, it is one of those teenaged movies which is based on sex. That movie is a lot of garbage because it is crude, sends a signal to young people that popularity is what to live for and sex is a cheap and dirty thing, plus it tells young people that swaring is cool. I remember there used to be an old song called American Pie and it was a very good song which even glorified God. It is amazing how sin can stuff things up. Sex when used properly, is a very sweet, clean, good thing which signifies spiritual and physical bondage between husband and wife. It is not to be used out of marriage or anything other then husband or wife.
5|2815|The new millennium James Bond: suave, debonair, overall macadacious player who saves the world, gets the girl, and stops the worlds most dangerous psychos all in an afternoon... and still has time to have a martini at the dinner party.
1|23963|Easily the worst of the ten Trek treks. It looks like it was filmed on someone's ranch in California. Come on, people. Spend a little money. You've got an Oscar-winning actor portraying the villain and a talented crew on board the Enterprise, why waste such a cast on a lame plot about the fountain of youth with sub-par special effects? Horrible.
5|138|It was a tall order, but Ted Levine(Buffalo Bill) steals the show from Hopkins and Foster.
5|9798|Funny as hell! A lot of racial jokes but they are JOKES! Very funny and all the comedians are great.
5|22152|Great entertaining movie. Asks and answers a few questions about life but this shouldn't deter you from it. I enjoyed it and it brought a new element to directing and action films in general. Well done the wachowski brothers!!!
1|9209|Peice of SH*T movie! Even my girlfriend hated it- complete and utter crap. Dont see it- EVER!!!!
1|12200|Harry and Lloydd should shoot the director of this film. The first one was hilarious and then they go and ruin it in the second one. I can't believe that I spent $20 to see this, and to think that I was excited to see it. Bummer. What a disappoinment!
5|17857|The scariest movie I have ever seen by far. Jack Nicholson is unbelievable in this film. REDRUM is a line that will stick in my head forever.
5|886|Great plot and good special effects. The acting was very dramatic and a good script. The ending was the best part of the movie. Very creative.
5|23502|VEry good. A well done movie, and very suspensful. Good acting, and an awesome story.
5|12907|Outstanding!!
5|18594|this is the film to watch in a dark movie house, it scared the hell out of me...if this does'nt scare you nothing will!
5|676|Hella funny how the dude blew his head off. The Marines were great. It was very realistic. I liked the story a lot.
5|5834|There are many great films out there, but I can only be sure of three that are the greatest of all-time. Citizen Kane is one of them. There is no way that you can over-estimate the influence this film has had on movies. From its revolutionary narrative structure to its immensely innovative camera tricks, Kane offered a glimpse into the real world at a time when films were still creating alternate ones. Orson Welles was truly a visionary. He, along with such greats as Alfred Hitchcock, John Ford and D.W. Griffith perfected the motion picture, made it an art form and fashioned it into what it has evolved into today. Citizen Kane IS the greatest film ever made.
5|4294|peter pan is my favoritest disney movie. it is so great and tinker bell is the best
5|21473|The best movie made is no match for Star Wars, the aliens, the actors, the directing, everything poured into the making and filming of this movie is great.
5|110|I could go on and on raving about this masterpiece.One of the best movies ever made. Will remain on a class by itself for years to come.
5|6483|Private Detective Philip Marlowe is hired to investigate an extortion mystery affecting a wealthy elderly General and his two daughters.Brilliant essential 40's Film Noir;an unmissable chance to wallow in the Bogie-Bacall magic,the electric(Raymond Chandler and William Faulkner!)dialogue,fizzing sexual chemistry,labyrinthine plot,atmospheric photography and marvellous Howard Hawks direction.
5|9968|this is the funniest movie i have ever seen although the dropping of male sex organs is off-putting it is still excellent!!!!!! 
5|6497|Here Buster Keaton is a civil war confederate train driver,turned down for active service,who has to rescue his girlfriend and train( The General )stolen by dastardly Union spies.When i first saw this classic i enjoyed it but wondered what all the fuss was about.On repeated viewings it's grown immeasurably and i've no hesitation in placing it among the handful of all-time best comedies and silents.Despite its exciting plot,its pleasures are gentle and understated,built gradually without hysterical showmanship.The historical details are authentic.The wondrous comic timing looks effortless,the visual sense is masterly and there's a neat classical symmetry.It may not have you rolling,but it has enormous charm;a lovely,noble,ingenious 80 minutes that makes life feel richer.
5|7789|Adam is the best.
1|18711|Over-rated.
5|2829| The Conversation directed by Coppola is not propely an action movie; is not even a true thriller movie. But is one of the best action thriller movies ever made.
5|21467|*The* movie. Mythopoiesis as it should always be: deep rooted, intelligent, autoironic and sweeping in concept. Highly enjoyable, a trip in outer space with all the trimmings of the genre. A superlative achievement. 
5|104|This movie was thrilling from beginning to end. Very few dull spots, and Jodie Foster is so believable in her character that it gave me goose bumps. While I normally do not care for movies that involve serial killers, this movie is a MUST-SEE for those seeking a good Jodie Foster movie. It can be kinda scary at times as well. Not a recommended movie for children however.
5|20779|One of my holiday favorites! The story is sweet and fitting for the time period in which it is set, the characters are delightful and funny and the songs are magnificent. I watch this every Christmas and it makes me appreciate both the holiday and the timeless immortality of classic films.
5|18580|This movie was enormously gross and entertaining. It is also one of the few examples of a good original film and an improved sequel. All 3 Evil Dead flicks (including Army of Darkness) are well worth a modest rental investment at the local video shop.
5|5820|This is one of those movies I never get tired of, and I loved Orson Wells. Sad ending.
5|21301|I liked it because the music was integral to the plot and not just lets put down our tommy guns and belt out a tune.
1|18077|this was stupid not scary or interseting just boring
5|23516|very good. . They should make a sequel.
1|19369|This movie proved the theory that scary movie sequels suck. It's almost as if they thought of the story as they filmed the movie. It had little intelligence and couldn't live up to the first one.
5|14351|A disturbing, brilliant and heartbreaking movie. If anyone labels this as just another drug movie, they need to look deeper to see that Requiem shows how someones pursuit of happiness can become an addiction. Ellen Burstyn is someone you would never forget as Sara Goldfarb and in the end, it was painful to see her slowly....rot. This movie must be shown to high schools when there is a lecture on drugs. Unfortunantley, due to some graphic content, that will probably never happen.
5|851|A really scary movie. Very different from any other movie I have seen. The acting is good, and the characters are interesting.
5|5613|Jimmy Stewart and Grace Kelly in a Hitchcock movie! What could be better. Raymond Burr plays a great villain. Jimmy Stewart sees a murder out of the rear window of his room where he is laid up with a broken leg or was it a murder? Raymond Burr plays the heavy.
5|17658|One of the most emotionally beautiful movies I have ever watched. Outstanding!
5|689|Fast paced thriller. Did great justice to the old tv show.
5|5175|very short but not so bad, really cool
5|10889|Best ever but the commercial showed the least funny parts so its great 
5|3504|I think the movie was really good hot guys and hot cars, what more do you need?
5|22185|Wow, this movie left me with big questions. It tested possibilities and had so many facts of the unknown played into it, you had to believe it. Makes me wonder so much and doubt. Anything that can make me somewhat convinced, curious, and wondering has to be awesome.
5|15729|Really gripping. If you like those action-filled-kinda-suspense movie and don't like a lot of talkings, you better think twice before watching this movie. I really like this movie. It should get Oscar nomination!! Russell Crowe and Al Pacino did a superb acting job.
5|12046|Very funny
5|7762|what can i say my favorit actor is the star of the movie
5|22191|Really great movie. The special effects were pretty good. It has a good storyline and plot.
5|14423|A great contemporary film. Well-written, acted, and directed.
5|20786|My favourite musical, in fact one of the few I like. Performed on stage its great, and the screen version captures much of the theatrical charm, although the casting is less than perfect. The opening number Fugue for Tinhorns is one the best moments in any movie musical.
5|18219|the best of the 3 even though it is supposed to be a horror i laughed that much i went out and bought 2 days after i seen it, i stiil watch it now, and i still laugh my head off, it was a brilliant way to make a horror movie. 
1|23778|I will never understand why this movie made so much money. The only rational explanation I can think of is that Americans (and the foreign audience too) wanted to see the White House blown up...sad, sad state of affairs, when this movie is a box office smash.
5|19107|Great movie. It has you thinking the whole way through it. The plot twists and turns in directions you would'nt have thought. And if you don't get the flashbacks, you're not paying enough attention. One of the best movies of the year. 
1|24017|robocop sucks
5|3510|This movie was a well done movie and the cars were very nice to look at.
5|16552|Great chemistry between Nicholas and Tia - solid plot - funny - keeps you watching - should have gotten better, longer play in the theatres
1|24771|10 year olds could have come up with a better plot, and I got really sick of all the CGI shots of the exteriors of the buildings in the main city.
5|5607|I love this classic love story. I watched it three times. It's so moving.
5|14345|5 stars, but a reserved 5 stars. An excellent movie that was also incredibly offensive and revolting at the same time. Why, you ask? The depictions of the lows of human nature which the characters enter are 100% revolting and disgusting. If you have a weak stomach, are opposed to depictions of sex, violence, drug abuse, etc., by all means DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE. For those who can appreciate the extremely strong anti-drug message in this movie and stomach watching it, you will not want to watch it again. Once is enough. However, one of the primary reasons I give 5 stars is its possible service to those considering/experimenting with/involved in drug use. If you catch your teenager using or experimenting with drugs, preview this movie and STRONGLY consider making them watch it. It is offensive, but it can serve a purpose. For that, and the fact that it is generally well made, I find I must give it a great rating, despite the fact that I wanted to vomit. 
5|19649|this was my favorite of these movies though it was probably the worst made. i just liked the 3d effect.
5|19891|By far the sickest and most twisted featurw film ever made. No act of nastiness is untouched in this horrifyingly revolting and hilarious shock a minute horror comedy from Troma. Terror Firmer takes place during the filming of The Toxic Avenger 4 and there is a sadistic psycho killer stalking the set and killing those who are demoralizing family values. There a bong stabbings, exploding breasts, escalator mutilation,double leg amputation with semis, naked fat men with frightningly tiny penises running the street, even mangina impalments(You'll know what I'm talking about when you see the climax,yikes!)! One of the most disgusting yet brilliant films ever made. LONG LIVE TROMA!!!! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!! NOT FOR THE FAINT OF HEART.
5|17664|Beat Takeshi is the greatest!
5|1449|Better than Vol. 2 (which, by the way was outstanding), Kill Bill: Volume 1 has the following superlatives -- 1) Best Martial Arts Flick ever; 2) Best homage to the 1970s ever. More obscure references [to that decade] than a 5-hour Dennis Miller rant; 3) Best Musical Soundtrack ever; 4) Best Girlpower Flick ever (My, my, how Uma has evolved since playing the helpless femme in Dangerous Liaisons); 5) While I think Tarantino is an outright jackass ( particularly by giving fathead turncoat Moore the Palm D'Or), you must marvel at his masterful directorial skills and cinematography; 6) Most violent film I ever saw (though most of the bloodshed is in the Roadrunner vs. Wile E. Coyote variety).
5|6326|Instantly my favourite film,aged 12,and still a supremely entertaining World War 2 adventure;superlative cast and array of characters,spectacular scenery,tantalising suspense,memorable music,thrilling action..The stuff of legend.Perfect for a carefree wallow- put simply,great escapism!
5|9015|Everyone is forgetting how good Charles DeMarr was. PURE GENIUS
5|15073|Awesome film. Breathtaking in its conception and execution. The cinematography and editing are of the highest class. Oliver Stone truly deserved to win another Oscar, but was beaten by an inferior film - Silence of the Lambs. Costner has never been better and should feel duly robbed of an Oscar. 
5|15715|The critics such as my home paper the Courier Journal who gave Life As A House 2 out of 4 stars and the Atlanta Journal-Constitution who gave it a C+ have gone blind, deaf, dumb, and loony. This was one of the two best movies I have seen all year. Hayden Christensen is probably a good bet for Best Supporting Actor unless some amazing film comes along. When i read the plotline of the movie, it sounded really dumb to me, but I dragged myself along anyway. Was I ever wrong! If you are getting fed up with the crap that is currently invading the theatres, see Life As A House . Take care, everyone!
1|20259|Stupid. Illogical. A Dracula that at one point can't be killed by the sunlight but then later he can? Very illogical. Very predictable. Gerard Butler was nice to look at, but that's about it. To the movie's credit it did base around the little know Judeo-Christian theory of Dracula's Origin, and explains several things associated with Dracula (stake through the heart, silver, etc). However, it wasn't scary or suspensful and was actually very stupid. Dracula in New Orleans, please. It is no wonder most of the actors in this film havent' worked since this disaster. 
5|6440|The more time goes by, the better this movie seems. Although rooted in -- and inspired by -- the Cold War and McCarthyism, Robert Wise's neat, unpretentious tale is truly timeless. Fine performances by Michael Rennie, Patricia Neal, and Sam Jaffe-- plus Gort, one of the great robots in film history.
5|13364|Well, just call me simple and dull but I liked this movie. I just got a kick out of the sweet character finding himself in so many experiences and he never realized how diverse these things were. I also loved his attitude of never thinking he was more than he was. What in the world can be wrong with a story of a sweet, kind man in some extremely funny and sometimes sad moments.
5|7986|I was laughing the entire time. My ribs hurt so badly, but it was worth it! Hysterical movie. I could watch it again and again.
1|11084|This movie sucked donkey crank. Yes Jim Carrey was awesome and yes there were 2 or 3 funny scenes but the plot was embarassing (as though they were making up the story as they went along) and the gags were old and over-used. This story-writer should be shot.
5|18231|This movie is more than great, it's genius. Not so much spooky as funny this movie will keep you lauging. And the suprisingly catchy phrases of Ash are great. Basically a remake of the first Evil Dead , Ash returns to the same cabin in the woods. One of my personal favorites. Watch this with Return of the living dead and a big donut.
1|23988|Steven Spielberg missed the mark. Stanley Kubrick missed the mark. How many must? This film is bad. A modern day retelling of Pinoccio, this film leaves much to be desired. It is not lack of good effects, or dialog. I was just board. The film was not anything like what I had expected, and I felt it was a mockery of what might be. The entire film has a wholly surrealistic quality which I found very bothersome, and the end is anticlimactic with a major let down.
5|11573|LOVED ITTTTT!!!!!
5|20976|Growing up in the late eighties/early ninties. I saw this movie all the time. The classic eighties, cheesy music makes it al worthwhile. Inspires every girl to strive for Patrick Swayze.
1|23750|A textbook example of how to make a bad movie out of a good book.
5|2632|This is a very well done sci-fi flick. It has a fascinating premise which is explored well and it has great special effects. It is also a horror movie, however, and has some really upsetting and gruesome scenes.
5|18225|I love the movie! It was entertaining and gory.It may not be really scary, but I love Bruce Cambell so much that it is okay that he kind of remade the first ED into ED2. I love his goofy lines the most.
5|10679|I thought this movie was hilarious. I read a lot of bad reviews and wasn't expecting much. I was rolling on the floor. I'm a sports movie freak, so that probably is why I liked it better than his other movies. It's right up there with Happy Gilmore in my opinion.
5|4243|Dot is sooooo cute
5|20962|The film is so sweet! I like it so much.. it gives me so much love and so I feel not so lonely. The sexy body Patrick Swayze *G* 
5|6454|The best musical score to date, and yet did not win the academy award
5|13370|An improbable tale, but portrayed in a plausible fashion. Hanks is outstanding, but I think Gary Sinise's performance is overlooked. For me, the most powerful moment of the movie is when Lt. Dan goes for his swim in the ocean, making his peace with God.
5|7992|Robin Williams should've won the academy award for his unforgettable and truly delighful performance here. FUN!
5|14379|The first time I watched this movie I have to admit I was quite disturbed. The direction, script, acting and music were done so well that the emotional bang that hits you in the end is almost too much to bear. It was done so well that I was as close as I have ever been to walking out of the theatre because of the feeling the movie gave me. When the movie starts to spiral into the darkness that is the character's lives, you clench your fists together and pray for some glint of hope. The second time you watch Requiem for a Dream, you notice how beautiful the character's lives were at the beginning, and how the this time around its less disturbing and all around more depressing. A beautiful movie all around.
5|22813|Loved it, the characters were great and I can't wait until the next installment!
5|13416|Very funny! Tom Hanks as a retarded man. Never seen him as a retarded guy but that's why this picture was great.
5|9001|It pains me to say because Chevy Chase has become a homorless jerk, but this is one very funny movie. No movie is more quoted.
5|12708|What a great documentary!!! This film is insightful, provocative, funny, and profound all at the same time. I love how Moore makes the connection between guns and fear in the US and this fear is based on history, lack of a social safety net, and propaganda that fans the flames. I respect him for having the courage to come out and say the things that need to be said and the genius to do it in a way that combines investigative reporting, political activism, and prankster trickery.
5|4525|Great! I love that movie it is my favorite movie of all time. The one made in 1998 isn't as good but I absolutely am addicted to this one. Hayley Mills was really good. And the movie was charming and funny. And is just better then the 1998 one because Hayley Mills- The one who plays the twins is way better then the one in the 1998 film that plays the twins. So thats why I rated this movie a 5 cause it is the best Movie of all time 
5|2154|This movie is a guilty pleasure of mine. Saw it first when I was about 12 years old and have never forgotten it. It does have some pretty campy dialogue and scenes, but at the same time it is gripping in a way that's not easy to forget. The characters are also memorable. I have seen this movie gain more notoriety recently and sense that it is becoming a cult classic. Something about the period and its status as the vanguard of disaster movies, plus those great Shelley Winters underwater scenes, I can see why. Climb aboard!
5|17670|Fantastic film! An absolute must see movie! This film is very heavily into symbolic imagery. Speaking about his film, the director referred to it by saying that some directors share an LSD trip that they share with the audience but this film is an LSD pill that let's each viewer have their own unique trip!
5|17937|Scary
5|20143|The freakiest, most psychologically disturbing movie ever!
1|1735|Excrement on a stick. No, retract that. Not quite that good.
1|11669|I didn't like this film very much!!!It was TOO disgusting!!!Also the storyline was RIDICULOUS!!!But also realistic!!!This was worse than Ren and Stimpy.Here are the gross parts:Drew's character Nancy eats a raison with Lysol sprayed on it,Ms.Connelly chokes on a chocolate,and spits it out on Nancy's forehead,the scene where Ben's character Alex is fixing the sink pipe,and Nancy accidently swallows the tained water,and barfs in Alex's face,and when they get the flu and cough on popcorn in a bowl!!!DISGUSTING!!!!!
1|3122|it was the brits who did it all, the americans were not involved. dont cry people, no americans died here, so of course no one died worth crying about. i wonder, if the film had been made with english accents and the subs were called 'HMS whatever' instead of 'SS whatever' would this film have ever been even seen in the US. somehow i dont think so. this makes me sick. claiming the heroic deeds of the british as your own and not mentioning them at all.
1|3644|poop
5|22032|Better than the 1st one.
5|14580|A flawless piece.
5|20631|I would say I've watched this start to finish at least 60 times. No kidding. I always wished I could have went to school with these guys. They looked like they were having so much fun. The songs were great, and the chemistry between Olivia Newton-John and John Travolta was excellent. In fact, the whole cast was just about perfect.
1|23817|Just awful. Stupid. Jack Nicholson's worst movie.
1|10205|sucked!
5|22026|One of the few movies where the sequel is at least 10x better than the first
1|5221|i liked it the first time when it was called pokemon the movie ......oh, wait, no i didn't.
5|23338|One of the greatest sci-fi films of all time. Based loosely on the life of Christ. 
5|14594|this is a very good movie cause it lets u know whats happening to young african americans. and i this its fu*ked up brothers always kill each other. black people need to stick together.
5|7819|I own it on DVD! Great Movie. Love Helen Hunt
1|19547|Movie seemed like it was 4hrs long. There were about 3 lines spoken in that4hrs & none of them made sense!!! Great director Terrible movie!! Don't waste your brain, just grind it up & make pencil eraseres!!!!
1|19221|Again..... DON'T SCREW WITH THE CLASSICS!!! Why try to immitate? Be an inovator, not an immitator. Romero can't even do Romero like he used to. The original Night, Dawn, and Day of the dead movies were creative, fresh, and scary. The new crap just wants to flood the screen with gore.
5|22740|I love this movie. I can't stand it. What happened to Logan,Rogue,and everyone else. Did Logan come back. Did Rogue give back the dogtag or did Logan let her keep it?
1|14705|I couldn't agree more with the comment of Eb.b5644om . This is a very manupulative film with laughable scripts and false emotions, worst of all Julie Robert is most annoying ever! Obviously, this is the usual Robert's ugling duckling comedy sugar coated in dramatic form since it claimed itself adapted from the true story. Many people thus thought they have seen a great dramatic film. I cannot believe its popularity and critical acclaims except from Roger Ebert (check out his comment). The bad langauge is unbelievable. I doubt the real Erin could get a job in a law firm with this degree of foul mouth, rude attitude and prostitute-worn wardrobes, let alone insult the lawyers made completely idiots in the film. Remember films based on true story do not always have the right details or even story lines! 
5|17923|This movie is a strange part of my life. When I was five and staying with relatives, this movie came on and I was supposed to be in bed sleeping, but I was on the staircase watching this through the posts of the bannister. A pretty obvious word of advice is- don't let anyone under the age of 16 see this, as I seriously had horrible nightmares and problems at night for a good ten years afterwords. It affected me so much that I became facsinated with the religion behind the Exorcist and studied Babylonian religion in college. The demon that possesed Regan really existed in the babylonian pantheon- it's called Pazuzu and was known as the god of the foul south wind that brought disease and pestlilence. There is even a statue of it at the British museum. The comments everyone else has made here say it all- this is by far the most disturbing and unsettling movie ever made and can have a deep psychological impact on a person as I can personally attest. The book is excellent as well and worth a read and re-read.
5|10094|This movie was GREAT!! I can't think of anything bad to say about this movie. The cast was great, the acting was great. I just love Ben Stiller and Edward Norton. Jenna Elfman is just breath-taking!!!
5|23476|M. Night Shymalayan is so far-and-away the best moviemaker of our era, it's not even funny. This is an A+ movie just like Sixth Sense was (Unbreakable was perhaps an A-). As usual, his script is fantastic and unpredictable, and he takes the old Hitchcock-style tricks of suspense better than anyone. From he opening credits, he gets you off-balance with the stress-inducing socore. Ominous signs keep you on edge... but then moments of humor settle your nerves, get you involved with the characters, before he ratchets it up another notch. The whole thing is superb. A movie that's fun to think about from at least three different angles, and FUN to watch at the same time. How many films can you say that about?
5|22768|I loved this film, it was the best ever
1|17224|One word - BRUTAL!
5|4486|I vaguely remember seeing this and from what I remember it was disturbing
5|5940|A superb example of man's inhumanity to man, and man's ego. Why try to perfect God's perfection? Omitted line in the movie was I know what it feels like to be God! 
5|21261|I thought this film was a greatly crafted little slice of nostalgia. It doesn't try to be an epic, just a fairly faithful-feeling depiction of the ride that a group of kids got to go on when one of their songs catches a wave and becomes a national hit. The One-ders are a typical band playing for the typical reasons - music, money and meeting chicks. They accidentally hit the big time the record company changes their name to the Wonders and they go on a ride to the top, only to fall apart as their record slides down the charts. As Mr. White, the manager says, "The one hit Wonders. A very common tale." There's hardly a wrong note played in the whole thing. Sadly overlooked film on Tom Hanks's resume.
5|702|Another great job by Harrison Ford as Dr. Richard Kimble. The way he finally figures out who really killed his wife, while all the while avoiding the sheriff Tommy Lee Jones, makes the whole movie.
1|6066|WOW. If you are not gay, this movie is not your cup of tea. The fruity dancing basketball players? The fruity street fight dance? Unwatchable.
5|19926|It leaves you with a sense of conclusion and gives a twist to what you thought the ending would be.
5|5798|#6 wow, this would be in my top 20 but im glad to see it this high though. Fantastic screenplay. 12 guys sitting in a room for an hour and half. And it's compelling!
5|18386|Wow, i cant believe some people didnt think this was scary! i have to say that it is the only movie that has ever scared me, i saw it when i was younger and have refused to see it again. I can honestly say that it let me in comlete hysteria! I still have nightmares about it. I think i am scarred for life. and i am now severly terrified of leaving my computer thinking about this movie. It was a true horror movie though!
5|20619|Grease is just one of those movies I can watch over and over again without ever getting bored. Just hearing one of those songs brings a smile to my face. Happy-go-lucky and true to the feeling of high school, this is just pure entertainment. Nothing deep or dramatic or wildly talented, it's meant to be cheesy and silly but most of all, it's just meant to be fun.
5|10902|One of my favorite comedy movies. What About Bob features great dialogue, incredible acting from Murray and Dreyfuss and a great ending. Highly recommended!
5|21507|Brilliant ending to an amazing saga.
5|7831|Jack Nicholson, a cute dog, a nice looking Helen Hunt, a nicely put together comedy.
5|1298|What a great movie. It resurrected John Travolta's career and includes some of the most well written and original material in recent memory. You got to love the conversations between Travolta and Samual Jackson. However, this movie is definitely not for everyone. It includes some pretty graphic violence, but none of it is gratuitous. It is also incredibly funny with some of the funniest moments coming as a result of the violence. The soundtrack is one of the best ever.
1|16890|This movie sucked. I only watched it because of Robert DeNiro, and his character was really boring. That movie dragged on and on and nothing happened.
5|7825|Great Great movie. very funny.
5|13|What a brilliant film!Harrison Ford was awesome,as he was in the entire trilogy!
5|2785|The best movie I ever seen
5|10916|I liked this movie! I thought it was really funny! I guess it depends on your type. And your age. This is for the younger ones! Hehe!
5|4492|This movie is my favorite of all animated disney movies!! It is great for all kids and parents!! The story is wonderful and there are great songs! (i do not reccommend the sequel: Mulan 2) 
1|24822|Why? Why did they make this movie? What was going on in the filmmakers mind. I feel very sorry for myself for not listening to my friends advice when they warned me about not seeing BATTLEFIELD EARTH. This movie sucks. No stars.
5|6285|Not only is this the best war movie ever made, it could be the best movie ever made. The story survives today just as it dod when it was first made. Never mind that the charecters are German (the enemy), this movie is moving nonetheless. It speaks to and about not only the Germans, but any soldeir in any conflict in any time. The tale is timeless. It really puts the horrors of war in the proper prespective. Very well acted. Lew Ayers does an excellent job. I can highly recomend this movie for everyone.
1|11641|I have never left a movie during the first hour until this! Terrible!
1|17230|This was a drama?
5|8243|Kkkkken is ccccccoming to kkkkkkkill me
1|11872|Dumbest movie ever released with a bunch of stupid stereo types. If your IQ is low you are gonna love this show.
5|14225|Without doubt one of the best movies i have ever ever seen. it`s quite simply brilliant 
5|2008|This movie kept me on edge from beginning to end. It was scary and I like scary movies. There weren't too many twists and was very entertaining.
5|16432|I thought it was a fantastic film! I respect all the other opinions but I definitley do not agree with them whatsoever! The symbolism was incredibly indepth.. from the elm trees, to the sun being symbolic of hope. Of course Lux was concentrated on the most because she was a vital catalyst for the other girls freedom.. she was symbolic of freedom.. she was the only one who dared to step outisde of the square.. what i suggest to all of you who didn't understand it, is watch it again and note down the re-occurring images, and try to note the symbolism (they're usually portrayed quite obviously, through either static images, or just out of place images) and then begin to understand the flow to the story, because I guarantee, once you fully understand the film, you'll think it's fantastic!
1|24611|heh, amazing...ly stupid. DONT SEE THIS MOVIE. you watch it for an hour and a half uninterested and you see the ending and want to commit suicide becuase it doesnt make any sense at all. DONT SEE THIS MOVIE.
5|3316|I loved the fact that Tom Cruise did all his own stunts. Knowing that makes it a lot more entertaining.
5|16354|I think that Boogie Nights is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It moves well, is interesting, funny and tragic. The performances by Mark Wahlberg, Julianne Moore, William H. Macy, Heather Graham and cast are phenomenal, particularly (in my opinion) Macy's and Moore's. This movie, and in particular the pool party scenes, reminded me of what life was like in the early 70's at least in crazy places like Los Angeles and in Marin County, California, where I lived at that time. The excesses in drugs, sex, and all around insanity resonated with me as a child of the sixties. (I wonder, did anyone else feel this way?) I think the director/ writer of this movie must be a brilliantly talented person, and still do though having since seen Magnolia I found it to be not as seamless as Boogie Nights. Magnolia had some superb writing and performances as well as an important message (though I'm still a bit mystified as to the exact nature of that messsage--anyone care to comment?) and just the attempt by J.T. Andersen along with the more even(in my opinion) Boogie Nights prove that he is a star---perhaps one of the greatest stars by far... 
5|15885|Great cast and a great story. Very funny and was fun to watch throughout.
5|6508|World War I is one of the great under-studied wars of all time, chock full of its own unique, hellish drama. Can be paired with either All Quiet on the Western Front (1930)- the other greatest WWI film drama, or Kubrick's lesser (but still good) other war drama, Full Metal Jacket ('87), set in Vietnam.
1|3687|It takes way too long for the adventure to begin.
5|8525|He hates these cans! Great movie and one of Martin's best.
5|1273| This is the movie that opened my eyes to alternative cinema. I saw this when I was in seventh grade and it blew my mind. I had never seen anything so original, so funny, so dark, so incredible in my entire life at that point. This movie opened the door to original ideas in the movie making industry. This film is one of the best independent films of our time and deserves to be recognized for the brilliant masterpeice of modern film making that it is. Superior cast. My favorite Bruce Willis character ever because it breaks his usual mold of John McClain action flicks. Highly recommended absoloutly mesmerizing. A masterpeice. 
1|19584|This movie sucks! The only reason anyone went to see it is J.L.H. Who did a good job. In an all around bad movie. Truly just a pop fad movie.
5|12126|This movie is so stupid, but so, so funny. It's such a relief to see that Rodney Dangerfield is still acting and in this case still funny. Adam Sandler is his usual dumb character, this time Nicky, the son of the devil who is sent to find his 2 brothers who have just broken out of hell. Cameos, cameos. Jon Lovitz and Henry Winkler show up in funny cameo roles.
5|8531|The Jerk is a classic Steve Martin comedy movie. I'm sure anyone who has seen it knows at least one of of the oh-so-many fabulous and funny quotes from it. If you're looking for a great comedy movie suitable for one person, two people, a family, I recommend watching it. I've always been a Steve Martin fan myself, along with a horde of others, and I must say that the Jerk is, in my opinion, on of his best films.
1|20305|Over complicated plot, bad script, and dreadful SFX. Ottman must have been on dope to direct this thing
5|15649|I am usually not a Shakespeare person because I can not understand what they are saying, but I really liked this movie with Gwenyth Paltrow because it was romantic and the main actors were current ones we could relate to.
5|16340|There are no words that can describe this movie. It's so powerful. It's moved thousands upon thousands of people. It's done spectacularly! THe graphics are dipicted so that you feel that you are actually there. Sure, it's gorey, but that's the way it was . But, you can't describe this movie in words, you will be moved after you see it, guarenteed.
5|5015|Just great
5|17738|The shit
5|5773|Incredibly witty with amazing performance by Bette Davis.
5|931|A true classic, combining music, suspence, camera work and acting. Memorable characters and wonderful performances. One of the best movies ever made, the first of the Summer blockbusters.
5|16426|This haunting tell of 5 sisters was amazing. the dying trees symbolized the girls themselves, and their hope was the sun. Lux fell in love with the man whore, who in turn screws with her head. Then she alone and in lock down with her sisters are doomed for suiicide and their fate in general, of what life has mapped out for them.... amazing almost a direct story of my life, but with more of a twist..... 
5|22783|Any movie that gets you all choked-up about a sappy alien is worth 5 stars! I'll admit it, I cried when I thought E.T. was dead.
5|8257|Another all time cult classic. Enough dark humor to keep you rolling for hours. This movie includes two of the Python players for your comedy enjoyment.
5|7164|Very funny. One of few comedies that I can watch over and over again.
5|9149|One of the few movies that deserves a five. It is a very enteranining and trippy story without a happy ending(for once) for the main character. Recommended.
5|12898|Overshadowed by Forest Gump that won EVERYTHING that year, but by far one of the greatest movies made.
5|1515|A tragic story of a man who returns from the grave to avenge the deaths of his fiancee` as well as himself. This is a movie for people that enjoy movies with a dark atmosphere and violent storyline.
1|9396|If you put Will Smith in a movie will someone as talented as Tommy Lee Jones, you know that you are going to have one messy movie. Men In Black is an extremly boring and unfunny comedy about a secret agent who picks up a partner off the streets and must save the universe from the planet of scum.
5|18423|This is a classic. Every scene is well crafted drama working in both suspense and shock. The acting is excellent, most notably the anguished Gregory Peck and a frantic David Warner. An eerie soundtrack too. All cyliders were firing in the production of this one. The rest of the series declines with each sequel, but their failures shouldn't diminish the appreciation of this one.
5|17710|This movie freaked me out when i was a kid. I could not sleep alone for awile.
5|11361|This is a wonderful movie!!
5|6252|A classic epic Hollywood production of a story essential to understanding Western civilization.
5|6534|Howard Hawks directed this Western Mutiny on the Bounty with John Wayne and Montgomery Clift in the leading roles. This really could be the Duke's top acting performance on an historic cattle drive.
5|13210|Fantastic film. I read the book years before I had seen the film (I recently purchased it). Of course it doesn't totally follow the book, but they usually have to be slightly adapted for the large screen. Jack Nicholson has such an enormous screen prescence and always seems to be a down and out rebel. Danny Devito was really good as Martini (I didn't realise it was him because he was smiling). Christopher Lloyd was brilliant as well. The Nurse wasn't quite as I expected (after all, she was supposed to be top heavy). But other wise it was fantastic. The man who played Billy was really moving and did the stutter really well (If you want to see him in something else, watch the X-Files espisode called 'Beyond The Sea', he's the prisoner who has visions. Definately deserving of 5 stars.
5|8519|The only movie that I have ever watched twice in a row. Hysterically funny, and odd.
5|15661|Good movie. Very emotional. I love how the actors played their roles.
5|20816|I confess I read the other ratings to see where I was going to go with this. Considering Renee, Catherine, and Richard were all over televison saying that they really had never sung or danced before, they did a helluva job. Queen Latifah was cool, too -- certainly better than Della Reese in Harlem Nights. I was surprised that the story was as good as it was, considering it was a musical. The little Hitchcockian twist at the end was a hoot!
1|15382|I have to agree with an above post when he said...poo.
1|21027|Annoying garbage. Would be just fine if this was a grade 11 film student's effort. For professionals, just appalling.
5|13204|Holy Loved God! And imagine, the book is even better. i liked the book better than the catcher in the rye
1|20339|This one doesn't have a thing to do with Michael Myers, and it sucks. But it doesn't suck because he's not in it, it sucks because it sucks! I mean, it's really bad. It's not scary, it's just plain bad. The people who made this film must have had some serious issues with children. It didn't scare me at all, just left me with a bad feeling.
5|22967|A classic. People talk about sixth sense having a great surprise ending, but I think that it pales in comparison to the horror on Charlton Heston's face when he realized the truth about the Planet of the Apes. Great flick - and who was the actress who played his mute companion? She may be one of the only actresses from any old movie who I think is smoking hot by today's standards.
5|6246|The first half was hard to follow, but when it got rolling it was an incredible movie with startling special effects...especially considering how long ago it was made. I've never seen a single movie that did justice to a Bible story, except for this one.
5|9175|The funniest, most original movie of the last ten or so years.
5|13562|desrved every thing it won .Can only be compared to Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf .see them both NOW!
5|1529|This was a great movie as well. Mel Gibson and Danny Glover play off each other so well. The director did a good job of molding comedy and action into a movie.
5|17704|Scarey, amazing story & outstanding soundtrack ..
5|4451|This was better than the original version.MUCH more information!!!And totally HILARIOUS!!!I LOVED it!!!
1|24639|If only it had been the final movie as well.
5|21739|Totally superb. Filmmaking at its best. this movie totally deserves the oscar for picture of the year. Anyone who thinks its boring have no good taste.
1|7620|Incredibly poor attempt at mirroring Homer's great work the Odyssey. This movie could not have gotten more boring.
5|20427|this movies was amazing. sorry kids, but this is no teenie bopper horror flick with jenifer love hewitt, this is accually a thought provoking movie. is the blair witch realy behind the murders, or was the tour group just in mass hysteria? that is the question brought up here. i think that this movie tackles the issue of the dangers in believing in movies, the dangers of blurring the lines between fiction and reality. i thought the movie had great ensamble cast of young actors who hadn't been revealed yet, and the movie was very well directed although i watched the movie with commentary by joe berlinger and i wish the studio hadn't messed with it, but even through that it was an unbelievable movie. this movie is creepy as hell too, not while your watching, but when you go home and start thinking of all the freaky stuff that manifested itself throughout the movie. i really admire joe for tackling the sequel at a completely different angle than the original. i think this movie only did bad because people wanted it to. i recomend that those who have not seen it, see it, and for those who hated it, give it another chance through my perspective.
5|3869|nicest disney movie I've ever seen.It touch my heart.
1|16462|One of the worst movies I have ever seen.
5|14782|Johnny Depp is one of the best actor's in Hollywood and this movie proves that. This movie was so sweet and loving. I couldn't take my eyes off of the screen. Johnny Depp is soo sexy. I wish I could of played Juliette Binoche part.
5|6911|One of the greatest comedy movies of all-time. The director to this movie did and put all his effort into this one, I love it!!
5|22230|The best SCI-FI movie I ever saw.
1|19989|When will film-makers learn that blood and special effects are NOT SCARY! Sheesh. This movie was so predictable I could have written it myself....except I write better!
5|8082|Best action comedy of all time. Eddie needs more of these.
5|1918|I liked the action in this movie. It also had a very good storyline. The scenes were very interesting.
5|13953|An all time favorite. Scorsese's best; De Niro's best. A classic.
5|528|It was almost as good as The Godfather, but not quite. Good dialogue and acting. The movie is based on a true story.
5|18812|that movie is like so funky.. even tho it wasnt scary i still liked it!!! ROCK ON!!'!
5|11188|I found the Nutty Professor II to be very funny. I think it was better than the first one. Eddie Murphy is hilarious and Janet Jackson is gorgeous.
5|8096|This movie is funnier every time I see it.Brilliant performances-especially by John Goodman.
5|13947|The drama movie Dances with Wolves was a very well directed movie. The story incorporated true history as well as fiction beautifully without making it boring. The story was heart-wrenching and the actors played their roles brilliantly.
5|9388|Hysterical and original! I can watch it again and again and never get bored!
1|19745|I saw this movie because everyone told me the opening scene was so awesome. When I watched it I laughed. It might have been cool, if it weren't so cheap and campy looking. For me that pretty much set the mood for the entire film. Not only was I not scared through any of it. I found myself laughing through most of it. Bad script, bad acting, and baaaaaaaaad special effects.
5|14796|One of the most amazing film i have ever seen in my life. This film is quite simply breathtaking Pity people don`t regard it in the same way they do the godfather though. 
5|22224|Matrix was an extremely creative idea. You know a movie is good when you're still talking about it days after you saw it.
5|6905|I've seen this movie at least six times over the years, and it *still* makes me laugh every time. There aren't many jokes that misfire, and even things that could seem like outdated humor, such as those about Kareem Abdul-Jabaar's pilot character Roger (I think you're the greatest, but my Dad says you don't play hard enough), are still very funny because of the ludicrous situation and setup that remain timeless.
5|16181|This movie was really neat. I don't really think that Decaprio should have been casted as this role he just wasn't very convincing. I don't see him as the leader of a ruthless gang.
1|1245|this sucked donkey balls
5|8900|This movie definitely makes my A list. I found it thoroughly entertaining, and hilariously funny. I have heard it said that this movie contributed nothing new that was not already hashed over in Lock, Stock and Two Loaded Barrels. I differ in that I found it to be a terrific finishing of Lock, Stock... If you are in the mood for some fine humor with a little gore and a good deal of bad language, this would be a good pick. I place this movie in the same category as Pulp Fiction which I also found highly enjoyable.
1|22923|Like all Kubrick films, this movie is completely useless.
5|266|MY FAVORITE AND GREAT MOVIE!BECAUSE MY FAVORITE ACTOR IS MEL GIBSON.
5|18184|JUST SAW THE NEWEST VERSION OF THIS MOVIE AND I LOVED IT!!!!!!!!! IT'S SCARRY AS HELL!! AND THE ZOMBIES MOVE FASTER THAN HUMANS, WHICH MAKES YOU FREAK OUT MORE. THIS MOVIE MAKES YOU THINK, WHAT IF IT REALLY HAPPENED???
1|15157|suck
1|9157|Basically, it S-U-C-K-E-D...
5|500|Great Mob movie, I would put this one up with the Godfather, different but quality wise it's real close. DeNiro, Pesci , Ray Liotta were great, and so are the supporting actors. This is one of the best movies period.
5|21063|This is one of the greatest music movies. You gain insight to what made them who they were. I love the Doors and think Jim Morrison is a great writer. The movie showed aspects of his life that lead to his destruction. Great movie.
5|1924|Well thought out movie- has comedy, suspense, drama, action and so on. It's created to be a fast paced movie that keeps you on the edge of your seat. Also, the people who played characters are well known.
5|23674|The clowns saying negative things about this film are probably too confused to understand it- it was a great and exciting film
1|16338|The Passion directing was very poor. The only good thing about it was that the language fitted the setting. Besides that, editing and angle shots were not original. There is a big mistake at the end of the movie where Jesus' hands get nailed to the cross. It was discovered a few years ago that Jesus could not have been nailed by the hands, but rather the wrists. The nails could not support his weight. The movie focused too much on the one spectrum of Jesus' life as oppose to overall picture. Mary's portrayal could have been much more effective if she would have appeared to be more convulsive as to see her only son die. Instead, she had the occassional breakdown. It is difficult to imagine who is seeing her child tortured to lack expression and deeper emotion. Frankly, I dont believe Mel Gibson did this movie for the money, but nonetheless should stick to what he does best-acting, not directing movies.
5|7399|Alot of People don't really care for this one. I think it was put together very well and Robert Deniro isn't a half bad comedy actor, he is such a good actor and very serious is what makes him actually funny in these comedies he does. Ben Stiller is really good in this one, he plays it off pretty well, and his girlfriend in this flick is freaking hot, and you gotta love Owen Wilsons Nose.....Great Movie.
5|6087|ahhh, the most wonderful movie
1|22089|A boring, tedius, pessimsitic sci-fi film that is terribly overrated, the Matrix combines objectionable content with a plot that creeps you out. Star Trek is the best sci-fi franchise out there, so watch the hundreds of hours of brilliant sci-fi than this boring movie.
5|514|The most entertaining of all of Martin Scorsese's film and a candidate for the best film of the nineties. It's just so fun to watch Paukie, Jimmy, Henry and especially Tommy do their thing! In every single shot, you can clearly see Scorsese recalling his childhood days, sitting in front of a movie screen and watching gangster movies. Goodfellas is a masterpiece.
5|21711|the lord of the rings has been a great experience for a lot of people, some people didn't enjoy the movies. that's okay i can live with that. but for those of us who love Tolkien, nothing will ever come close to the whole experience of seeing these films. and of sharing time with our friends who also love them, some of my greatest memories are of seeing tRotK the day it opened with 2 of my good friends. so the ending was a little long... everything about these movies is huge, you can't spend ten hours watching them and have a ten minute ending. that wouldn't be fair to the storyteller.
5|272|Outstanding!
5|2587|Nice fight scenes!! Very cool effects!! Some gross gore!! Awesome soundtrack!! Seriously, why else would anyone watch this movie? 
5|8914|robin williams is hilariuos
5|22218|It is not very often than I see a movie two times in a row, without even leaving the theatre. The Matrix works in depth with cyberpunk and real science. This is the kind of movie that draws you in and makes you think. Excellent fight scenes.
5|6939|One of my favorite movies. It's so darn funny!
1|18467|Oh, the awful trend this crap started.
5|14972|A very good movie. The scenic views make the film very appealing and pretty. The acting and casting of characters is top notch. It depicts the scenes of war with brutality, and makes the viewer feel more in touch with the history of the American Revolution.
5|14999|Loved it!
5|9439|My favorite comedy ever. I can't count the number of times I've watched it (I own it). Best scene: Tootsie is trying to hail a cab to take her, late already, to her first day of work. Taxis streak by, igoring her meek little lady voice, until squeeling breaks are heard after the middle-aged women yells out TAXI! in a very low man's voice. Cracks me up every single time.
5|1065|very funny, very smart. I love the ironic satire and unpredictable situations. steve bushemi is awsome(one of my favorite actors) as well as the rest of the cast. very well directed. a must see!
5|299|Very realistic...similar on a par to the film Excalibur. Engrossed from beginning to end.
5|21922|This movie is great. I think it was even better than the first movie. It's just full of action. Plus, Arnold Schwartzenegger plays a better good guy than a bad guy. Once again, the special effects stood out, especially when the T-1000 changes into different people.
5|3672|Best action movie of the summer. Vin Diesel is awesome in this movie. The action and stunts were incredible.
1|24375|Amittyville meets 2001. Really a nifty idea. Too bad it failed miserably. Beyond the flashy and cool visual effect lies an incredibly poorly written and badly put together peice of sci-fi rubish. A great premise is waisted on cute and cliche teeny bop horror ploys that are so predictable even an unbore fetus could detect them. This film does however in the early moments give off a very creepy undertone. It keeps you hooked to the movie in hope throughout all the crap something genuinly scary and original will pop out and blow you away which unfortunatly never comes. Very disapointing and worth missing. Cool music though.
5|3114|I walked out of the theater shaking. I haven't seen a movie this intense since... well, I don't know if I've ever seen another movie this intense. There are some scenes with so much hellfire and brimstone and insanity. Emily Watson was wonderful. I saw this when the D.C. sniper was still lurking about (though I was in no personal danger, it was still scary for all of us) and Dragon deals with the same idea, perhaps: a seemingly-random killer with a bit of an unhealthy disposition. But wow, what a movie to see. Anthony Hopkins is spectacular- his role is similar to that of Silence of the Lambs . Good flick- especially for seeing in the theater.
5|16630|A really good family movie. I've seen it 3 times (in one day). The actors did such a wonderful job. Alexis Bledel, a newcomer to acting, was perfect for the role of Winnie. then, the ever joyful Jesse Tuck, played by Jonathan Jackson. And Sissy Spasek, William Hurt, Ben Kingsley, and Scott, it's perfect. I found it followed the book very well. Besides the romance part, that still added a lot to the movie as a whole. The story was very well written to begin with, and very well directed as well. All in all, a wonderful movie, that everyone can all enjoy again and again.
5|5565|True classic, but man, you just wish she would stay with him at the end, but she never does. I never realized what a stunning beauty Ingrid Bergman was until I saw this film, and did she ever get ripped off by the Oscars! They didn't even nominate her for this film. Sickening!
5|14027|This is one of my all time favorite movies! It's the only thing I actually enjoyed Julia Roberts in.
5|7372|Another one of my all-time favorites! Ben Stiller is a comic genius. Teamed up w/ De Niro was too much.
5|23853|This movie was veary good for a guy how plays a dumb ass on t.v. he played this role very well.
5|8041|A great comedy without foul language and sex scenes. It shows you how even though you family can be over bearing and influence the way you live you life you can break free and become who you want to be and marry you who want to marry and if they really love you and care about you they will learn to accept things and welcome them into the family.
5|22595|A great movie to watch. Although the 2nd was a bigger hit, I still think this movie set a very good stage.
5|13990|This movie is an absolute triumph. The character collaboration and conflict is ingenius, every emotion played on, every heart opened, every thought explored. This is an incredibly responsible bit of filmmaking, wonderfully edited, divinely written. It prods into the human spirit as few others have done before it, trailing the life of boy/man genius Will Hunting. We see him in love, we see him in pain, we see him cornered, we see him forced to face his past, his present, and his future as an insanely gifted man. We see him interact with a variety of characters, including psychiatrists, bar buddies, childhood friends, fellow geniuses (with an explainable amount of contempt), and girls. He is both accelerated and hindered by his unheard of brain power, both good and bad sides of his talents are explored. Robin Williams, Minnie Driver, and Ben Affleck give performances comparable to Damon's own. Surprisingly, Casey Affleck, portraying the stupidest bloke in Boston as a foil to Will Hunting, delivers a performance to evoke both humor and pity. All involved in this movie deserve commendation. Watch it and watch it again. 
5|14033|One of my favorite movies of all time!
5|1717|A really sad and scary movie. Just thinking what it was like for those soldiers was terrifying considering the fact this was a true story.
5|23847|very strange movie and a little bit complicated to understand. But that's what makes it extremly interesting and touching somehow.
1|20661|Hate it so much. I don't know why people like it. So awful..
5|8055|Not many movies really make you laugh out loud throughout, but this one sure did. Hysterical!
5|3100|Bruce has nailed it right on the head again! Great movie worth going to the theatre for. Those who don't will probably miss the intensity on the little screen. So tough yet so vulnerable in this film, got to hand it to him for that!!!
5|10255|I thought this movie was really good. It left me in a feel good mood. It was very interesting. There hasn't been any movies out lately about a singer.
5|5571|the best movies never try to show off
5|10533|Great christmas movie!!!!!
5|21936|This was my favorite movie for many years.
5|5217|An exciting adventure involving time travel and Pokemon turned evil, it is an upbeat and colorful movie. Also, the ending is great and so is the music.
1|3491|why do I keep watching them anymore when I know they'll be pants
1|19786|Its just bad.The story is terrible,the acting is very weak.The comedy in the movie wasn't even funny. To the ppl who created this: Plz End yourself 
5|24696|I like Hollow Man because the graphics are exciting, and it makes you feel like, is someone invisible watching me? 
5|14755|Outstanding setting and storyline. Good performances by all those involved, lots of suspense and action.
5|17274|A side of Peter Lorre's performing skills you must see. He portrays an out of control child killer. Heavy for a 1938 movie, but a must see crime drama.
5|15463|This was easily the best movie of the year for me-much better than Green Mile, or Mr. Ripley..What a wonderful story, and what BEAUTIFUL scenery-made me long for the Northeast. I was engrossed form tyhe first minute, and left feeling emotionally fullfilled, but not drained.
5|13012|This is a movie that any true and dedicated movie fan should watch. It is one of the finest movies in terms of character and story ever put on screen. Superb performances by Al Pacino, James Caan, Marlon Brando, Robert Duval, John Cazale and more. The movie is dark, gritty and violent the way it should be. It just isn't about the mafia, it's about a family. The Godfather and The Godfather Part II is recommended to anyone who likes to watch great art.
5|1059|Great acting. Haunting story and the comedy made it more so. William H. Macy was great! The Coen brothers got me. I believed for the longest time that this was a somewhat true story. But now I hear it wasn't. It's a new low to introduce a film as a true story and then have that be just a joke.
1|10952|Crap movie!
5|13774|This is one of the best movies i've ever seen but it's a total tear-jerker and in the end you find that it moves you inside a lot.
1|21557|Needs Tom Bombadil!!!!
1|13283|The movie was good... but Speilberg's politics suck.
5|4647|An enchanting,inspired claymation Oscar-winning classic from the brilliant British animator Nick Park.The best of the marvellous adventures of Wallace and Gromit(the immensely likeable owner and dog)- this time involving a pair of mechanical trousers and a villainous museum-robbing penguin who lodges at their home!Equally appealing for adults and children,and a must-see for anyone unfamiliar with the delightful series.
5|11163|I really enjoyed this film - I even saw it twice at the cinema. Yes, you could regard it as lame and just the same as the other two - but I found it hilarious. Michael Caine was fantastic and I liked the scenes where Austin Powers and Doctor Evil were at school with Basil. People relax! Its just a silly movie for people to have a giggle. 
5|5559|Outstanding, Marvelous, Fantastic!Movie making at it's best!Humphrey at his best!
5|17512| Wings of Desire is one of the most beautiful, thought provoking films ever made. From the very first scene Wenders illustrates a world of isolation and connection, of the fallen and the saved, a wonderful journey through what it means to be human, mortal. The cinematography is outstanding. This film touched me so deeply and became and instant classic for me. This film is about love, the love of life and the love of others. This film will make you look around yourself and feel differently about your existence. It's that good.
5|10269|I loved this movie! It was a good chick flick that I would go to even with guys. My boyfriend liked it because of the hot chicks dancing on the bar and drinking all that alcohol.
5|17506|A beautiful poignant film about family. It will leave you heartbroken after watching it. Genuine brilliance from Yasujiro Ozu's masterful pallette. 
5|2222|absolutely loved this movie and always will. my favorite non sci-fi film ever(barley beating out mad max and saturday night fever) wow what a film. i was sixteen when i saw this flim and to say it totally absorbed me is an understatement. to me tom curise will always be maverick val will always be the iceman and of course athony edwards will always be goose. at least to me anyway. this movie had it all music, great cast, awsome special effects dog fighting scenes. i mean this film made me want to be a pilot and not just any pilot but a naval aviator.(officer and a gentlman did the same to a lesser extent) still love the songsfrom the soundtrack (especially mighty wings by cheap trick) another film with a great bulid up opening. try to find a guy who was a teenager in the mid 80's who didn't love or at least like this movie. a very personal favorite for me. i feel the need ,the need for speed. film still looks good today for a 80's movie.
5|13760| The Green Mile is a movie that I probably will never fully forget, because it succeeded in not only grabbing my attention but also grabbing my emotions. I laughed and I cried during this movie, and watching it was worth every minute. The plot was solid, and the acting was supurb. Props to Michael Clarke Duncan for his phenominal performance as John Coffey, an African American falsely accused of killing two young girls and awaiting execution. We discover that he has the ability to heal, and that he is truly God's Miracle . Also great performances as usual by Tom Hanks and James Cromwell. Highly reccomended!
5|9377|Suprisingly smartly written, and Reese Witherspoon was great! Very funny, and great especially for those that worshiped Clueless when it first came out. Legally Blonde brings you back, but is more grown up. Definitely recommended.
5|6044|A taut, wicked, intense political thriller. Frank Sinatra, Laurence Harvey and Janet Leigh give excellent performances. Angela Lansbury is just evil, but her performance shines.
5|12318|I recently saw this movie with some friends. This movie is edge-of-you-seat yet still is an interesting story where you want to know what happens and is not corny like some action thrillers. I highly reccomend it
5|13006|Best movie of all time! It has it all, even Clemenza's great red sauce recipe...
5|9411|Hilarious, good special effects, great storyline.
5|14769|The movie was a bit long, but very well put together. This movie showed history, it was fact based. I would recommend this movie to educators and other ethnic groups. I enjoyed reading the subtitles from the slaves.
5|17260|Who keeps giving these movies 1's and 2's??? There are very few films that surpass SEVEN SAMURAI, in the entire history of filmmaking. It is surely Kurosawa's best (OK, so maybe not surely; RASHOMON is pretty spectacular as well), and it puts to shame the overhyped American classics like GONE WITH THE WIND and A STREETCAR NAMED DESIRE. Watch it! And watch all the other great foreign movies! If you don't, you're missing out on a treasure trove of genius.
5|18153|Excellent actors and a very unusual plot and storyline which keeps you glued to it.
5|3882|My favorite movie as a child. I loved the songs.
5|4135|Okay, okay. I admit, I am of the age group that was a kid when this movie came out (and subsequently shown on TV once a year) so I loved it from childhood. But about 8 years ago, in my mid-20's, I saw it again and loved it. The songs all are great (excepting the one I never liked, Cheer Up Charlie ) and you simply have to admire Gene Wilder's awesome perforamce, all done with a knowing smile. The other kids are all quite memorable (especially in how they are dispatched). There is now a rock band called Veruca Salt. And on Will Grace recently, they mentioned August Gloop. A classic!
1|19782|It's time to bury Jason once & for all. And this time don't resurrect him. I'd rather stick my head in a grabage can and inhale deeply than sit through another movie like this. Cheesy, cheap & pointless. We have the usual nearly naked girls, some teasing throw in with the slicing and dicing by Jason. I know it's a free country, but we ought to consider a law banning sequels like this.
5|1075|This movie is a black comedy that even though it was disturbing at some points, Steve Buscemi does and outstanding job. The accents in the movie was hilarious and the dialogue was subtle, yet comedic at the same time. The plot was brilliant and definitely amusing.
5|12320|It's really a shame the series couldn't survive the lowest common denominator of ratings. Anything written by someone with a 3 figure IQ will probably die an early death on today's television, unless it earns some notoriety like the religious one everybody is freaking out about.
5|8737|I saw American Pie 4 times this summer. It is hilarious totally relates to me my friends.
5|14989|Jamie Foxx is terrific as Ray Charles. I really did forget he was an actor portraying Ray Charles. Very well done movie it took Ray Charles life until the mid 60s. I liked that it was honest and showed his talent along with his flaws. Very entertaining movie.and we get to hear some of Ray Charles music.
1|20103|I thought it was awful. I don't understand what everyone was going all crazy for. It was really stupid, and a waste of time and money. There's really nothing to be scared about. It wasn't even a little bit frightening.
5|11629|I could actually picture cops doing stuff like that on their downtime. The feud between the highway cops and the state cops was good for laughs. As far as the movie itself goes I wouldn't call it useless because it entertained me and everyone that I have shared it with.
5|17258|Akira Kurosawa wanted to make a film that was, in his words, good enough to eat. He certainly accomplished this because SEVEN SAMURAI is one of the most entertaining movies ever made, if not the most entertaining movie of all-time! It's all there, the technical mastery of Kurosawa, the steelar performances of Shimura and Mifune.....there is too much to say! This film is so good, I can't possibly display my affections for it in one of two small paragraphs. The greatness of SEVEN SAMURAI is beyond words.
5|289|Gladiator is one of the best movies I've seen when it comes to the time when gladiators,and the romen empire was said to be. It moves pretty fast so you dont get bored like some of the other moves. The plot is neat to Crowe starts out as General becomes a slave then becomes a Gladiator and upsets the Empire. You have to love it. 
5|10537|This was so funny. Macauly Culkin was so cute in this movie. Now this is a classic movie. I loved this movie because it was so cute how he acted when he was alone- going to the store and doing the laundry. If I were alone I would just sit around and do nothing, but he is a smart kid to do what he did.
5|5575|When something has entered the consciousness as deeply as Casablanca has - everyone from Woody Allen (Play It Again Sam) to The Simpsons has riffed on it - it becomes a film that many younger film fans can talk about and quote from, even though few have probably seen it. This is something which should be rectified immediately as it's much more fun than its stuffy The Greatest Film Ever Made tag suggests, with a literate script, stylish direction, a great song and the cinema's most romantic couple in Bogie and Bergman. A must-see and one of the greatest. Summary: ONE OF THE GREATEST FILMS EVER MADE, AWESOME! 
5|19513|this one scared me. I enjoyed it very much. Worth seening more than ounce if you enjoy a truly scary movie.
5|12446|A labour of love for Kevin Spacey. The film hops between the genres of bio-pic and musical, with flashbacks into the subconscious of the main character in a way that is a little scattered. But I don't think it harms the telling of a good story or the examination of the character of the driven and charismatic Bobby Darin. And Kevin Spacey looks like he is having a pure ball when he's singing Darin's songs.
5|7362|A rare gem in a decade of pretty lousy comedies.
5|13980|Great story and Matt Damon and Robin Williams are excellent. Who doesnt like this movie? I reallywant to know.
5|15329|I just saw the real Eileen Wournos on an HBO documentary. The physical resemblence that Charlize Theron had to the serial killer was frighteningly remarkable and her on-screen performance was worthy of an Oscar. Halle Berry could take a lesson or two from her about Oscar-worthy performances.
5|14037|This film tries and succeeds at adapting a play in which Mozart is hated by one of his contemporaries. Salieri's hatred of Mozart is never really developed well other than Mozart's arrogant slight of Salieri, but the movie does very well at chronicling the life of the composer and his relationship with both his wife and father. For anyone interested in this type of period work, it is a must see, not just for the dialogue and plot, but the music which really does make the movie.
5|12452|If you are easily offended by rap music and don't like to hear a lot of swaring this movie is probably not for you. On the other hand, if you want a rough, uncompromising look at prostitution and breaking into the music industry this movie just might be for you. This is not the story where the poor boy makes it rich because he's a nice guy who simply gave it a shot. Instead its a gritty glimpse of a profession that, while glamorized in today's pop culture, is shown to be dirty and entrapping. It turns out there might be people in this business with emotions and self-asteem, despite the tremendous stresses they experience. If you want a rare story-driven movie, about a subject not often dealt with, give this one a try, but I don't think you can give it a very objective evaluation if it conflicts with your own values and lifestyle. 
5|23857|I loved the Butterfly Effect. It's very suspenseful and it was impossible to tell what would happen next, and it also has a good plot. (it's a very complicated plot and i won't begin telling it to you here) BEWARE the movie is extremely disturbing, among the sadistic moments in this movie are child pornography, a dog being burnt alive, and plenty of fighting using blunt heavy objects. This is a hit or miss movie. You will either love or loathe it.
5|13994|This movie changed my life. I love everything about this movie: the writing, the acting, and the direction. Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, and Robin Williams gave outstanding performances. This movie about love, education, and the Boston life is one of the best.
5|14023|A great movie! I thought the whole cast was great. It is listed as a drama, but it had a number of hillarious scenes in the movie. I espcially loved the scene with Shelby's wedding and the red velvet cake shaped like an amarillo.AND IT IS NOT JUST A MOVIE FOR CHICKS! This movie will make you laugh and cry, just a really good movie.
5|6068|Leonard Bernstein's magnificent setting of Romeo and Juliet. It is possibly as well known in the U.S. as is the Shakespeare play on which it is based. Contains some of the finest music ever composed for a musical, with tunes which are engaging, memorable, contrapuntal and brilliantly orchestrated. An amazing tour-de-force by one of the most talented musicians ever to live in the U.S.
5|5561|I've watched this movie several times and each time I watch it it reaffirms my belief that it is the best film ever made. Everything in it is done perfectly. The acting, the suspense, the soundtrack, the dialogue and the theme of idealism over love. I can't think of a better 20 minutes in a movie than when Ilsa first enters to the end of the flashback in France. This movie will just get better as time goes by.
5|10245|Emotional, sexy and funny- all elements of a good movie.
5|21098|Wow, this is a brilliant film! First of all, I am a big fan of Nanette Fabray, who had a huge role in this movie. She did a fabulous job and is multi-talented: singing, dancing, acting, comedienne, etc. Fred Astaire was at his best and the storyline was both fun and intriguing. One of the best musicals ever made.
5|16634|This was absolutely the best movie of the year. Extremely well-written and acted. You'd think, reading about this movie, that it would be sappy and/or depressing - it wasn't. It never dwelled on the bad stuff, and had many laugh-out-loud scenes. Truly a pleasure.
5|19507|One of the more actual SCARY mavies that has come out recently. Honestly, how may horror movies actually scare you and make you jump?
5|1061|Great movie -- I'm usually lukewarm about the Coen brothers, but this movie really touched me. My favorite part was that the cop's husband turned out to be designing stamps. Seemed at once humbe and noble.
1|17963|This movie wasn't even scary!
5|7410|Gaylord Focker.
1|23436|The plot has no cohesion at all- it meanders through an eternity of disjointed situations. Special effects and bizarre sensationalism are not enough to hold my interest without a plot.
5|19249|A very funny and bloody zombie movie!
5|3886|It is one of Disney's most meaningful animated films. The writing, storyline, was excellent. The music was spectacular, it plays so much background music throughout the movie. The message for its viewers was great; the characters blend in well with the plot. It's a good movie for adults and kids.
1|7817|I can't believe this was such a success! I am proud to say that I actualy stayed awake through half of the film. Not what I expected from the team of Mathau and Lemon; The Odd Couple films were hilarious. But don't buy the hype people! Very boring movie!
5|6726|This is my absolute favorite of James Dean s three films. His magnificent portrayal of the disturbed twin Cal is so deeply compelling and believable I actually ached for him. His need to gain acceptance and love from his parents (wonderfully played by Raymond Massey and Jo Van Fleet) is a universal theme, which nearly anyone can identify with and it pulls the viewer in from the start. The brief but sweet love story between Cal and Abra (Julie Harris) is extremely moving and one of the most intense I have ever seen depicted on screen. Dean conveys more feeling and passion in their one kiss on the Ferris Wheel than a dozen more graphic scenes ever could. This movie posses a very winning combination of great directing, writing and a stellar cast with the remarkable ability to create timeless characters. All these winning points combine to provide a rare opportunity to enter and experience an excellent piece of classic literature.
5|9415|Very cute.
1|17793|Stupid
5|15315|This movie was well developed. Connery's performance was fantastic, and Robert Brown is a natural. While the story was predictable, the relationships formed were very touching. The actors conveyed the feelings of the characters seemlessly to the screen, and the story was well formed and thought out. The young boy is put under pressure to which anyone can relate, and nothing is left in question. This movie is one of the reasons why I go to see movies.
1|11484|poo
5|6040|This movie is one of Stanley Kubrick's best as it has a great plot characters.
5|9373|Such a delightful, funny movie. I really enjoyed it.
5|5549|i only saw it in french, which was pretty fun, so i got to make up what they were saying, twas cool... oh, and the music was cool too....
5|18631|Great acting, unpredictable, outstanding plot, a knockout ending. This is a must see movie.
5|17502|I am a sucka for hard, urban violence flicks (Clockwork Orange, Scar Face, Taxi Driver, Reservoir Dogs, Traffic, Tesis, etc.). Thus, this one is definitely worth paying adult, full price to see once again in my book. Many would classify this piece as Pulp Fiction-esque yet ignoring the fact that the characters are not as self-righteous and confident as Senior Tarantino s talented and expensive cast. Inarrit s crew is 100% Chilango (people from Mexico City) and hated and loved by the rest of Mexico. These ambivalent feelings are manifested in their internal love/hate of self. People from Mexico City are the political, economic, and talent of the country (exemplified by having LA, New York and DC all in one major big city). 3 of Mexico s social strata are pictured in this trilogy bonded by a car crash. In these chosen social strata, all heroes are deflated to the fullest extent: by showing their not so instinctive betrayal nature (oxymoron). This portrayed serves to be more vicious than the numerous dogs mutilating scenes. There is betrayal between man and women, man and daughter, and between brothers. There is no ideal man nor WOMAN so don t hope to leave the theater identifying with someone, per se. Nevertheless, however implicit, there is an (un)certain sense of hope for these vicious heroes. Throughout the flick, there is an undying and un-denying sense of unconditional love between a few and very well thought-out relationships. 
1|12199|Was this REALLY necessary?
5|4643|Gotta love that one. Yes, they are one of my favourite characters. This movie along with the other two that Aardman Productions had done are the best claymation I've ever seen; their countless hours on making this movie have shown why they are an award winning production. Any person at any age would appreciate this movie. We shall see if on Oct. 7, The Curse of the WereRabbit will live up to the hype of the original three W&G movies and Chicken Run.
5|8079|Eddie Murphy is hilarious in this movie. This movie is a classic and everyone should own a copy. If you don't know the banana in the tailpipe then you have to see this movie.
5|15301|This may be the best movie I ve seen all year and I m certain it s one of the best roles of Kevin Kline s career. First the superfluous stuff; gorgeous sets and locations as well as good costumes and a believable trip in the Wayback Machine to the 1970 s even though, we re talking boarding school uniforms and not the flashy, trashy polyester clothing from that era that those of us who remember it all grew to loath (you guys know who you are because you are also probably the only ones who got the Wayback Machine reference). Now, for the more heady aspects of the film - this is obviously one of the better-written and well-directed films to come along in a great while in addition to being one of the more moving and meaningful. It managed to address the often forgotten subject of ethics and in a very straightforward, intelligent and very basic way. As to acting and the aforementioned great job by Kevin Kline I will say this; he managed to convey with mere facial expressions what some actors could not with volumes of verbiage. I m convinced he s one of the best talents we have in the seasoned actors category. Emperor s Club was well worth the price of admission as well as the price of a rental a few months from now.
5|13770|This was the saddest movie I have ever seen. I couldn't stop crying! I couldn't even get through the end of it, I had to turn it off. Titanic was nothing compared to this!
5|6732|Love these movies, similar to the old Steve Reeves Hercules)......
5|13016|I won't ever go against the family. This movie gets 5 stars from me and a place in my heart as one of my favorite movies of all time.
5|9401|Creative, funny, captivating movie. There is nothing else like it. The movie was fun all the way through. I was never bored. It was probably due to the casting.
5|15467|This film is great! I don't think any other film, can hit the subject of capital punishment right on target. Susan Sarandon portrays Sister Helen Prejean incredibly. She tried to minister both the murderer's family and the murder victim families. This film is full of great quotes, such as you shall know truth, it will set you free. The execution scene in the end, was very VIVID, it gave me chills to my spine. It made me think I was watching a documentary, that's how powerful it was. Overall, I would recommend this movie to anyone, interested in the subject of capital punishment and wanting to learn more about it.
5|17270|This is on my Top 10 list.
5|3892|GREAT MOVIE! Its teaches kids so many different lessons in life. It is the best disney animated movie I've ever seen- better than beauty and the beast, better than cinderella! It has great songs that the characters in the movie sing, and i actually enjoy listening to them! most disney movies that have those songs hurt my ears...but i LOVE the lion king! I also ENCOURAGE you to see the Lion King play- on broadway, its beautiful! it was worth every penny.
5|3879|What really bugs me are people (especially Christians!) who put down Hollywood movies and other entertainment as being morally wrong aand violent, yet hold Disney up as a moral guidepost for the rest of the industry. Yet, here we have a movie about one jelous brother killing his sibling and chasing away his competition, who eventually comes back and extracts revenge. Really sweet, feel good movie, isn't it?
5|21729|I've always thought that all fantasy movies were stupid & a waste of time to watch. But since the Lord of the Rings I've developed a greater respect & liking toward those type of movies. This last Lord of the Rings was the best ever!!!!!!!! It deserved all of the Oscars! Go New Zealand!!
1|10003|boring plot not funny everything went wrong
1|19999|The begining was great but it just went down hill real quick. Pointless plot, murder for kicks, the slow-mo scene of the cop on his knees being executed was drawn out and completly moronic. Rob... stick to music.
1|2990|Wicked is right, and I don't mean tht in a good way. This movie is pure evil to have to watch. I would rather turn in my blockbuster card rather than risk accidently renting this horrid excuse for a action/dectective movie. I saw it once, and, beleive me, that was one time to many.
5|6901|One of the funniest movies of all times. King Arthur vs. the Black Knight is the classic example of a lopsided battle!
5|22220|Best Sci-Fi movie ever made, bar none.
1|2748|This is the worst movie I've seeing in my life. There is no trama and just a bunch of airhead characters...aia guess it works if you life is miserable and boring but if not just don't waste your time.
5|14792|I really enjoyed Chocolat. The movie is about a woman ( Vianne, played by Juliette Binoche) and her daughter who move to a small, provincial town in France and open a chocolate shop. The town's mayor is not pleased with Vianne and what he thinks she represents, and he attempts to sabotage her. The story develops nicely, with several interesting sub-plots, and the acting is terrific. I'm not surprised in the least that Juliette Binoche was nominated for Best Actress for her role in this movie. Johnny Depp and Judi Dench are both great, too. Although the movie deals mostly with relationships, it moves at a good pace and is never boring. If you're looking for a nice movie without a lot of violence or sleaze, Chocolat would be a good choice. I suggest arming yourself with a bar of chocolate before entering the theater...
5|8092|The greatest movie ever made.
5|1908|Nicolas Cage and John Travolta worked perfectly together. John Woo, as always, did a superb job as director. The story, though very unlikely, is interesting, different, original and fun. Action scenes bring a dramatic, art-like experience. The score adds to the overall experience.
5|13943|i was born on the day that movie came out 
5|22546|I think this was the best out of the Batman films produced. Tim Burton injected the correct atmosphere and the characters were fantastic. The second followed its example and was outstanding. I think the others make a mockery of the concept of Batman, therefore Batman and the second one will always be the best original ones. 
5|4870|Spielberg does it again. A very entertaining story for kids and adults alike. Plus Dustin Hoffman made a great Captain Hook!
5|4864|An early MK and A movie. Pretty cute.
5|538|Joe Pesci plays Tommy in this movie. Another gangster movie featuring killing people, drug abuse, and family war. Great movie for all the gang bangers out there.
1|12166|I didn't actually sit down for this movie, but working at a theater, I saw enough of it. I refuse to reward Jim Davis' next effort to over-commercialize his characters and grab more money with more than one star. I mean, the Garfield comic's storyline isn't complicated. Would it have been so difficult to stay true to it? Nermal is a cute, gray kitten. Arlene is tall and white. And having Liz give in to Jon's affections completely butchers the personalities of both characters. And would it have been so tough for ALL the animal characters to be CGI, and not just Garfield?
5|9398|All conspiracy flicks have to give stylish, plausible, unexpected answers to forgotten everyday paradoxes and mysteries. Men in Black did all that and a bag of chips. Funny, smart, perfectly cast, even touching (though a bit icky-gross), this is more of a comedy of buddy cops than a Star-Trek type of sci-fi flick. I laughed so hard an alien came out of my chest.
5|12491|I was fortunate enough to get to see this on broadway and I was captivated...so naturally when the movie came out I was really excited. I loved the fact that in the movie they add a background story for the phantom. It is a beautifully done movie.
5|8086|all i have to say is the china man peed on my rug
1|2984|This movie...it just plan old blew....i mean it was all hype...if you liked it...well your dumb....or are brain dead!
5|22234|One of the best Sci Fi movies ever!
1|12600|Very stupid movie. Horrible voice-overs. Stupid plot. Not worth renting or mentioning.
1|8517|Low budget is one thing. Low concept is another. Where was the comedy? I wish I could have given it zero stars.
5|8910|this movie is an lol comedy!
5|276|Braveheart is by far the best action movie to date! It's long, but definatly worth the time
1|13536|I hated it. All American white Trash moive!
5|21715|A low end scale 5... a very good movie, but the ending could of used to be shorter (come on, it would've been easy). Also every time I think this is my fav LOTR movie by far, I get reminded of how cool The Two Towers is and how well edited it is. The only reason the end (and a few other eliments) bugs me so much, is because the rest of the movie is so damn awesome... I'm just nit picking cause there's not much there to not like.
5|21073|In my opinion, the best documentary ever made, and the best filmed concert. The cinematography is first rate. The DVD contains footage not included in the original release, including a top notch performance by Janis Joplin. What sets this one above the rest is not only the performances, but the filmmaker's inclusion of interviews with artists, concertgoers, workers at the concert, the townspeople who were invaded by the event, and the people who put the concert together. It's much more than just a filmed concert. It captures a time and a society. A great historical document. 
5|4694|wow! what a good movie!
5|510|This is my favorite movie of all time. I've read the book too (called Wise Guys ), the book and movie are equally superb. Robert Deniro portrays Jimmy the Gent beautifully (of course, would you expect any less from Deniro?). He has a certain charisma that will never be possessed by any other actor...it's undescribable. Ray Liotta did an excellent job of portraying Henry Hill..I love his cool and calm demeanor through out the movie (except when he goes into panic mode toward the end). Another great, Joe Pesci. Goodfellas is his best performance. Any guy that can portray a member of the mobb and then go on to play a crook in a kids movie (Home Alone) deserves credit. My favorite part of the movie? The scene with Billy Batts. Moral: Don't bang on the trunk. Most tantalizing movie ever! Definatley a classic!
1|10981|I can't believe I even bothered to watch this crap. Martin Lawrence? A man in drag? It was stupid, disgusting, lame, suck, dumb, so many words you could explain it with. Nothing new, whoever made this shouldn't have even made the effort.And Martin Lawrence is TERRIBLE! Unrealistic and stupid. Simply avoid. Summary: A DUMB, DISGUSTING, LAME FILM. 
5|1934|I thought Face/Off was a great movie because the concept of the movie was very unique. It kept me entertained throughout the whole movie. The only thing I didn't like about the movie was that it dragged a little too long at the end when they were trying to kill each other.
5|6097|One of the few sequels better than the original. One of those films that make you say Wow after you watch it.
5|1920|The movie was intense. It was action packed from beginning to end. John Travolta plays a great villian. The action sequences were tight.
5|21067|Iloved the Doors. It was a great flick.
5|4680|Best Disney movie ever!
5|504|A top five movie of all time!
1|9153|I did not think I would like this movie and I was right. Totally pointless and why did they pick on John Malkovich who really was not that interesting. If it comes on TV some night give it a look but don't invest any money in it.
5|262|Great action scenes, lot of blood and guts. Mel Gibson was great.
5|2597|This is an awesome movie! It is so innovative and original. I haven't seen anything else like it. Some people seem to think that J Lo was bad in it, but I thought her acting was strong, and she was also very sexy in the movie. The directing was really impressive, too. The story was really good. It was pretty chilling and exciting. Also, it has really bitching visual effects! The only part of this movie that I didn't like was the intestine scene. That one was just sick, but besides that, I think this is a great movie. Its one of my favorites of 2000.
5|21701|What else can be said? The final chapter in a triumph of epic film making, 5 stars.
5|6929|Screamingly funny. And leave a note for the milkman - NO MORE CHEESE!
5|14962|I didn't really know what to expect going in, and the three hour running time made me a bit weary, but I definitely thought it was worth it. The story line was extremely interesting, and I enjoyed the historical aspect of it. The acting was also very good, and I would want to see future movies starring these actors.
1|19769|stupid. pointless and unentertaining.
1|11335|Please. All I have to say is Jennifer Love Hewitt? UGGHHHH!
5|8904|this is a really great movie... all actors played awesome parts... i loved the ending!!! This is a movie I will definitely see again over and over, then when it comes out on video... I'll be first in line at Best Buy!!!
5|1511|ok for some reason i just looove this movie. the action is awesome and the story lines i think are touching. it has something for guys and girls:)
5|22787|Despite GoneAway and Gentle Jude's dismissal (without even having read the books or seen the movie, but based on a rumour that they promote withcraft and satanism and things like that (which we all know is not true. Most of us were already into that stuff before the books came out!))of all things Potter, the movie is fantastic. It stays to the book as much as possible, and is a nice visual introduction to the world of Harry Potter. The casting was damn near perfect, and you can really believe that Daniel, Rupert, and Emma ARE really Harry, Ron, and Hermione. THe Quidditch scene is visually breathtaking. Great special effects throughout make for one great movie. IJR says don't listen to GoneAway, and check this one out for yourself if you want a movie the whole family can enjoy.
5|8253|This was how i sounded when I watched this movie: HAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH! MONTY PYTHON IS GREAT!!!! HAHAHAHA! You have to see it! 
5|12644|i liked it better than house of 1000 corpses
1|11862|I am not offended by much...just bad movies! This movie sucked! I was soooo prepared to laugh. The laugh was on me!! Bad, bad, movie.
5|935|It's one of the greatest films!!!!
5|19711|One of the best movies of 2001. A bit over the top but entertaining (for adults) and well conceived
5|16422|Much better than I expected. Harnett Dunst, along with Woods, were really good.
5|2018|Good thriller movie with lots of unexpected twists. Harrison Ford is good. Ending kind of creeps you out.
5|10053|I love Adam Sandler, especially in this movie. He looks like he would be a great daddy, too bad I can't play the mommy. :)
5|5777|Why this classic is not in the Top Five I cannot imagine. All 3 stars should have won Oscars that year. Incredible that MacMurray and Robinson were not even nominated, and that was the year that Bing Crosby and Barry Fitzgerald won!! Another miscarriage of justice was Barbara Stanwyck losing to the grossly overrated Bergman.
5|10735|This is a funny movie. The Nick Dundee is funny yet fits the real typical stereotype of an Australian. It was funny how Nick was just as skillful in the city in his own way as he was in the bush. The only problem is that if you think Australians are all like Nick Dundee and all yobos, you have another thing coming.
5|3460|This is a movie on crack.....BUT IT'S HILARIOUS. Forget about judging this movie on plot and acting mereit. It's pointless. What's makes this movie so great to watch is the action, the jokes, and it's vulgarity. This has to be the most vulgar movie in existance. I have never heard the word F^$* used so many times in a move (it's definitely in the 200s). The thing is, IT'S SO HILARIOUS to hear how much every character cusses in this movie. You'll never stop laughing. Some of the actions scenes are a bit ludicrs and gory as well (Meatloaf's body blows up, and the walls in the room turn all red). If you want to enjoy yourself and get a REALLY GOOD LAUGH, you'll get your money's worth with FORMULA 51.
5|16344|I think this is one of the bravest films to be released in a long time. Done quite lovingly, the artistry is fantastic and the acting shines even though done in Latin and Aramiac. However to say this film is not for everyone would be a huge understatement. The graphic violence and gore is truly shocking but I certainly don't think it was gratuitous. Mel Gibson set out to make Passion accurately and not gloss over Christ's suffering. The accusations of anti-semitism is ridiculous-anyone who has researched that time period knows who ordered Christ to die. I applaud Gibson for not straying from his vision to please certain groups of people. I myself am not a religious person and I was moved intensely by this film. You feel every aspect of Christ's agony along with him. It is a film I will remember for the rest of my life and I highly recommend it but only for those with an iron-clad stomach.
1|3697|Bad, bad and bad. You Pitt fans are better off staring at a poster. Julia Roberts fans need therapy anyway.
5|8535| I was born... a poor black child. Thus begins this brilliant comedy that I've only seen once but I definitely believe is one of the funniest I've ever come across. Bernadette Peters' appearance is great and Steve Martin is wonderfully goofy. It's hard to pick a favorite scene, whether it's Steve and Bernadette singing Tonight You Belong To Me or Steve Martin singing her a song he wrote about a thermos, it's all great.
5|1277|This was one of the greatest movies ever in my opinion. With the quick action from robbery, gun shooting, great costumes, and it's all star cast, this movie had me on the edge of my seat through the whole movie.
5|6518|Whaaaaaat a movie! Best Comedy...EVER.
1|20315|I have an idea for a part IX: Jason comes on to the set filming the latest abomination, and kills off everyone, starting with the director and producer, and ending with the actors as they're putting on makeup.
5|8521|the jerk is a briliant film. with comedy unmatched.
5|14547|If you are looking for a feel good movie with a happy ending, this isn't the movie to go watch. It is more of a one man performance and Hanks is simply brilliant as always. He has become that man we love to have sit next to us and we always love to hear him speak. While I would have loved to see a little more inbetween time, I loved the movie and was on the edge of my seat for the crash scene. Hanks has reached such I high level in acting ability that he is reaching a point where we will be disappointed in anything that isn't a 5 star movie. 
5|5005|I don't know what some of these reviewers are complaining about. I consider myself a discerning movie watcher, and must say that Titan A.E. is nearly as epic a space opera as Star Wars itself. Seriously! This movie has it all--amazing visuals, great story and voice talents, and an awesome soundtrack to boot!
5|5763|I am a Bette Davis fan, and this is without a doubt one of her finest films. She certainly was no beauty, but made up for that with pure unmatched talent in the roles she played. They just don't make em like they used too.
5|9159|Funny as hell. A great sophisticated comedy. Actors did a great job and John Malkovich has to be flattered.
5|14221|An amazing and powerful movie. A moving depiction of schizophrenia. Well written and well acted. I could almost say that Russell Crowe is possibly the best actor working today.
5|7174|These movies are nothing less than amazing. I can't explain humor that profound. Don't rent them though, just flip to one of those T stations (ex: TNT) on a SUnday afternoon.
5|8247|Extremely hilarious film. This would go in my top 10 list of the funniest movies of all time. Great film of four very funny and eccentric characters who try to double cross one another to get their hands on some diamonds. Great cast with the Monty Python veterans John Cleese and Michael Palin, also stars Jamie Lee Curtis and Kevin Kline. Kline won an Academy Award for his role. Palin is a riot as the stuttering Ken. When Palin and Kline are on screen, you won't stop laughing. An extremely funny classic comedy.
5|4455|Best Christmas movie of all time!
5|909|This movie scared generations of kids out of the water. Great flick.
5|5993|Now this movie was so funny and you never know what was gonna happen. I think this is one the most funniest court movies ever made. The lawyer is so funny and trying to make sense with all that had happen. Then the punchline at the end that he would be the lawyer for the next case was so hillarious that I couldn't stop laughing. If you have not seen this movie, you will surely love this movie!
5|2024|Rarely does a movie hold enough suspense to draw a scream from my throat, this was an exception...and mine was not the only one heard. A script full of incredible plot twists, haunting images and a total surprise ending had me. The Hitchcocish camera angles and overall cinematography resurrected the horrors of psycho and other such films. I totally enjoyed the change from the typical roles normally played by both Harrison Ford and Michelle Pfiefer.
5|13566|deserves all the praise it got !
5|9171|Wow, this movie was a breath of fresh air! The original plot (a puppeteer discovers a portal that leads into John Malkovich's brain) takes you on a wild ride, reminiscent of The Twilight Zone. There are surprises at every turn, and the show is filled with incredibly strange situations and bizarre humor. The movie was well-cast, too, with John Cusack as a dissatisfied, impulsive puppeteer and Cameron Diaz as his dippy, confused wife. (Diaz shed her glamour girl image so effectively, I didn't even recognize her until I read the credits.) The show gets off to a great start and never slows down. Not once did I look at the clock during the movie. If you're in the mood for a mind-expanding, creative show, Being John Malkovich is a great choice.
5|6242|This movie is a great example of classical movie, mystery, full of intrigue and last second guessing. A classic movie must.
5|14209|one of the greatest movies of all time, definitely!
5|15117|We rented this movie last night. Definitely one of the better films I have seen in quite a while. I am surprised it didn't get more media attention..at least not that I remember. Douglas, Maguire, McDormand and Downey Jr. all did an amazing job in forming their characters and drawing in the audience. I disagree with Molfan, I found this film very humorous..maybe because I enjoy dark, dry humor..You couldn't help but laugh at the comedic tragedy of this weekend in the life of this group of people. I am not for killing dogs..but the whole scenario was humorous in a sick way..I thoroughly enjoyed it and recommend it to everyone. As for the ending..I enjoyed the fact that they gave some closure..however, in sticking with the unpredictable plot, they could have ended with him wavering at the top of the stairs..keep you wondering..of course, that may have irritated a lot of people..thus the nice happy ending. GREAT MOVIE!
5|15671|This was one of the most entertaining, beautiful movies I have seen!
5|13200|The story is a serious subject and there are disturbing scenes in this movie, however it also has some very funny moments! Jack Nicholson was simply genius in this role!! 
5|6524|It's a tale that is part of mankind's history as well as mankind's present. It speaks of the intolerance of man for viewpoints contrary to their beliefs. It's about closed-mindedness. And it's a real chapter out of America's history, down to nearly the exact words from the testimory of William Jennings Bryan as questioned by Clarence Darrow. And with Frederick March and Spencer Tracy as portraying Bryan and Darrow respectively, what more can you ask of a movie. From one of the great plays in American theatre written by Robert E. Lee (no relation) and Jerome Lawrence. See it...it may change your thinking...it may change your life.
5|2742|Thought it was really cool. Love the outfits. Funny at times but is more of an action movie. I like the fact that these girls are smart, but still pretty and can kick people's butts!
5|16378|Could this be another Oscar for Kevin Spacey? I think so. This was definitely a movie with a message. I thoroughly enjoyed it and highly recomend it. Pay It Forward is a great concept, and a great movie.
5|4333| Shrek deserves 5 stars. I love the Disney references. I.E Snow White, magic mirror, long lines, etc. The cast was great too. I think John Lithgow makes a good villian. 
5|20812|Fabulously clever production. Very entertaining. Katherine, Renee, Richard, and Queen L. all wonderful. Another comment compared Queen L to Della Reese. Hey I love 'em both. Della has NEVER done anything badly...I love her! She is such a talented lady. I love her in the You just shot off my pinkey toe... scenes...what a hoot. Della did angels and prostitutes equally as well. 
5|11417|hysterical and cute!
5|2756|Best movie ive ever seen! Its full of fun,fun and fun! Ive seen it 4 times i still love it! It will never get boring! I live in England so unfortunately its not out on video yet but when it comes out i will definately get it! Its all about women kicken mens asses! So ladies get your boots on! It is such an inspiration! Nothing about it could be better!
5|20806|I think a lot of people expected this movie to fail, but damn I don't care I loved it. I thought the court scenes might have been a tad bit overdramatic, but the chemistry between Renee and Catherine was amazing to me. The majority of the dance sequences were fantastic and who knew Catherine and Renee could dance? Great job by Anne Reinking, who played Roxie on stage, with the outstanding choreography. 
5|15665|Shakespeare...in love? Hey, I'm in love in Joe Fiennes. Not only is he gorgeous, fab eyes, but he can act. He was perfect in the part and tripped through the language as though it was 2000 and made the love affair timeless.
1|16843|A silly film with bad acting.
5|9603|Awesome movie. Pure comedic genius. Jim carey at his finest (before the majestic). I love this brand of slap-staick "I just got robbed by a little old lady on a motorised scooter.... And i didn't even see it coming".
5|13214|This is such a great movie. Jack Nicholson is my favorite actor. He does so well with this role. If there was anything higher than a 5 I would give it a 10. It is such a touching movie- I know I could never get sick of watching it.
5|6530|A great thriller - truly a classic for this genre
5|9165|at first i wasn't even sure why i liked this movie. it didn't have any moral journey that i could see, except for maybe maxine's. but for such a weird movie it was refreshingly unique and it got my mental wheels spinning. and the characters were so well written - they all had endearing qualities as well as tragic flaws. i thought the lack of an explanation for the portal would deter my opinion, but it didn't. it was a fun and imaginitve ride without being too dark or too cheesey. it did seem to give a sympathy-provoking light to same-sex intimacy, though. but then, the only scene that never fails to make me laugh is when that fan approaches malkovich and ironically says how much he appreciates retards being portrayed so compassionately on the big screen .
5|13572|This one's for you, all you Eddie Bauer-wearing, SUV-driving, suburban-sprawl-inducing yuppies who think you are so superior. Annette Bening is stellar as the woman we love to hate ( notice how the handle on her pruning tool matches her gardening clogs? That's not an accident. )
5|1539|Released in 1997 and directed by Curtis Hanson, L.A. Confidential was a throwback to the original film noir, seedy detective films of the 1940's and 50's. For the uninitiated, the movie tells the story of three mismatched Los Angeles police detectives, Bud White (Russell Crowe), Ed Exley (Guy Pearce), and Jack Vincennes (Kevin Spacey), who get entangled in several interrelated schemes involving high-dollar prostitutes, police corruption, and organized crime. The story is complex, and the characters are intriguing as they put aside their conflicting personal philosophies and personalities to unravel the conspiracies. James Cromwell does his normal stellar job in a supporting rule (Police Chief Dudley Smith), and Kim Basinger was okay as prostitute Lynn Bracken (though I did not see how her screen time merited the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress). On more technical matters, the pace of the film and cinematography is well done to give the movie that retro film noir aura. The bottom line is that L.A. Confidential is a very good mystery drama along the lines of Chinatown (1974).
5|7148|A classic!!! Chevy Chase punching that talking clown head was just hysterical!
5|5987|Katharine Hepburn and Cary Grant at their best.
5|19739|The BOOOOOMMMMMM
5|17714|a materpiece you wiil really like this movie give it a try do not watch it on tv rent it on dvd wide screen night time turn off all the lights sit down pay attention and watch it all the way through.
5|18427|i'm not religous so i really did not understand the whole dagger thing i mean what if you cut the kids head off would't he die i enjoyed the movie very much but why the daggers isn't that fiction i wouldn't know
5|2030|I gave this movie a 5 because I always liked Harrison Ford and the plot of the whole movie was really good.
5|17927|Thought it was very well written and I believe a lot of these things can happen in real life, so that made it extremely thought-provoking as well as frightening. Actors were great - Linda Blair's best role and Ellen Burstyn is always the best.
5|8290|an absolute joy to watch matt damons best ever character, and jay and silent bob are at their absolute best in this feature, i have this on vhs and it is now unwatchable due to the wear and tear it has endured, and the religious factor is beautifully done. i could go on for hours about this movie but i wont(no applause needed).
5|24335|Very fresh fantasy. Takes an almost childlike, yet sophisticated approach to dark heroes the way we wanted to see them before we grew up and lost our sense of wonder. Using mostly villainous characters in protagonist roles makes them seem more complex/realistic as people.Good effects, great almost dizzy pace-really fun!
5|13599|I loved every part of the movie, especially the ending becuase it was so unsuspected. It covered a lot of topics that go on in everyday lives like drugs, sexuality, friends, relationships, jobs, etc. It really made me think about my life and how 'special' everything around me is.
5|14590|The opening scene to this film is fantastic - great combination of the helicopter blades and the air conditioning fan in the room. The film was loosely based on the book 'Heart Of Darkness' in respect to the journey down the river and descending more into hell. I wasn't too sure about the French plantation sccene, but otherwise I love this film. Martin Sheen, Laurence Fishburne, Marlon Brando and Harrison Ford are fantastic. This is a very important film and a must see. 
1|5225|Digimon: The Movie may be the worst experience in a movie theater or in your own house that you have ever experienced in your life. You cant make a movie out of these stupid japensese cartoon guys, and it is just so boring and tasteless, and mindless.
5|15856|Magnolia is an excellent movie. The storylines were riveting and the acting was believable and moving. Definitely a movie I plan to watch again. I am sure there are many things I will pick up. I was never bored, even if I felt that I may start to lose interest, the story changed, yet not too abruptly. This is definitely one of those movies that you will be thinking about for days after you watch it..and you should, there are some huge issues being challenged and discussed. Every single actor gave an outstanding performance..on a side note, I couldn't believe how many of the cast were also in Boogie Nights. interesting
5|22022|Aliens was ahead of it's time.Caseless cartridges,suspended animation,etc are all real things now.
5|9830|its a great movie if you don't take yourself too seriously. this is not a movie meant to awe you with the acting. it is a movie meant to make you smile and laugh. in that respect its a success.
5|16387|Absolutely brilliant film! Ryan Phillipe plays Sebastian, a wealthy attractive promiscuous young man, who make a bet with his step-sister (Sarah-Michelle Gellar). The bet is to sleep with a published virgin (Reese Witherspoon). Wonderful twist at the end a must see.
5|20635|The tag line The greatest musical of all time certainly isn't a lie. It's gotta be one of the best films that I've ever seen!
5|17099|A lot of people didn't like this film. I did because I thought it was a good way to portray what cheating and lying really is, it depends on the person and their point of view.
5|16393|Sassy, sexy, and provocative film has the best direction of the year, and offers fine performances.
5|20621|This is a great movie and will forever be an American classic.
5|14584|OMG This is the most beautiful movie ever its so sad and julianne more and meryl streep do amazing performances it one of those movies that makes you appreciate life
5|15842|Although some may be swayed by the sexually brutal and vulgar aspects of the main character and the movie as a whole, Quills is actually a very profound film with an important message (watch the movie to find out what!) This film was shocking, perverse, devilishly funny and revealing; in more ways than one may think. A spine chilling score adds to the suspense, as the film explores the depts of evil. The most appealing character, the Marquis de Sade, superbly portrayed by Geoffrey Rush, is an 18th century author imprisoned in a mental institution for the publication of his blasphemous and erotic novels. His aggressive nature, twisted ideas of sexual pleasure, wicked sarcasm, delightful insanity and yes, even a little bit of tenderness are sure to keep the audience well entertained. Kate Winslet and Joaquin Pheonix (Gladiator) put on excellent performances as well. I found this film to be delightfully refreshing as compared to the main-stream entertainment and I was impressed with its depth and irony. If you didn't like it, you probably need to get past the surface layer of sexual vulgarity. But one thing I can guarantee is that you will not be bored with this movie.
1|16664|Samuel Jackson was awesome, but this was the most anti-arab movie(along with Delta Force). Why pick yemen as bad guys. They haven't done anything serious(prior to Cole). They never said what was the problem in Yemen; They just assumed that there was always trouble in the mid east. Why show the arab civilians as barbarians that love to kill people(kids and women). Besides the ending was so predictable. The verdict could have been guilty or somebody die. They also show The US government as hypocrites. They can kill 80 civilians because of 3 navy men. Do not rent this movie, unless you like to see racism as a good thing. 
5|24447|This movie rocks! I enjoy the special effects and characters! Some of the scene in the movie such as the lightning destroying stone buildings in Rome and the microwaves destroying the Golden Gate Bridge are a little far-fetched but this movie is addictive. You can learn about what the inside of our earth looks like by watching this movie.
5|22036|THIS is THE ultimate movie in sci-fi action, the best of the the whole alien series. this one was so good it there was really no need to make anymore.(regrettable they did) i can't help but feel alien3 and ressurection are separate stories from the first two. despite fellow canadian james cameron's success with titanic this is my favorite of his films(just barley beating out T2) in my opinion cameron should have done alien3 even though it wasn't necessary to be made.
5|9824|Classic 80s movie which I love
5|8284|This is, without question, Nicholas Cage's best movie. I'm normally not a big fan of Holly Hunter, but even she turned in a great performance. And John Goodman was perfect as Cage's delinquent friend. Raising Arizona ranks right up there with Fargo as one of the Coen Brothers' best efforts. And, like the rest of the Coen's movies, it takes a slightly warped sense of humor to fully appreciate Raising Arizona. The scene where Cage robs a convenience store and has trouble getting away with the Pampers still makes me laugh.
5|12693|I can't believe nobody has commented on this doc. They let the camera do the talking, those conventions are something else. I appreciate hobbies that become cultures but the Trek world is truly vast and well, nerdy. That whole bit with "Commander" was just too much, I'd piss myself laughing if anybody demanded I address them by their Startfleet rank.
1|19231|silly not scary
1|5557|Absolutely overrated and dated. Chemistry between Bergman and Bogart? Forget it. 
5|17933|Hmmm...now what to say about this movie that hasn't been said before? Of all the movies, horror or otherwise, that have been made since...well, since they started making movies...this has to be right up there alongside Citizen Kane as one of the most talked about, debated and analyzed. Why? My guess is that it's because it's one of those rare films that strikes individual viewers with such diverse and personal resonances. For some viewers the movie is painful to watch. For others it is an uplifting affirmation of deeply held faith. Some people laugh at it, some cry. As director William Friedkin has said, what you get from the film is what you subconsciously bring with you when you see it. That said, very few people remain unaffected by the film for better or for worse. For those who don't know (all 10 of you), the movie, said to have been based by author William Peter Blatty (who wrote both the screenplay and the novel upon which it is based)on a true account of the exorcism of a young boy in Mt. Ranier around 1948, centers around eleven year old Regan MacNeill (Linda Blair), who has apparently become the object of attention of a rather nasty demonic presence. Progressively, this presence begins to take control of Regan, causing increasingly bizarre and violent behavior. Eventually, the little girl is transformed into a hideous and malevolent monster who speaks in a gutteral baritone no eleven year old could possibly produce (But which veteran actress Mercedes McCambridge can...and did.) and who needs to be strapped into her bed with hospital restraints. The scenes where we first see the transformed Regan are unnerving. There is a terrible knowledge in her luminous green eyes that shouldn't be there. After every possible diagnostic test (The film was made in 1973--medicine has thankfully come a long way since then--and these scenes, involving needles to the jugular vein and such are exceptionally hard to watch.)fails to show any abnormality, Regan's desperate, agnostic mother Chris (Ellyn Burstyn in an Academy Award nominated performance)turns to a priest, Father Karras (Jason Miller). At first skeptical, Karras, who is doubting his own faith in God, eventually determines that whether or not Regan is truly possessed, she needs his help. With the aid and guidance of the older, more experienced Father Merrin (Max Von Sydow), who may actually have confronted this same demon many years before, he undertakes an exorcism to drive the demon out of the girl. The demonic personality inhabiting Regan's body is evoked brilliantly. It is physically violent and ugly, but under the surface is where it causes it's real damage. It has an unerring ability to sense weakness and fear, and it preys upon these things. Such, suggests the film, is the nature of evil. It works not so much through personal insult as by mockery of that which one holds deeply, passionately sacred. Through the not so subtle suggestion that our actions may have harmed those we love and hold dear, and that those same loved ones are themselves probably as basically unworthy of love as we are and will suffer eternally. That in the end all that remains is ugliness and futility and mindless chaos. The exorcism itself, which comprises roughly the last twenty minutes of the film, is riveting. It is an emotionally involving vision of the abyss between faith and doubt. Between the orderly, comfortably modern church and an ancient, very real evil that it seems ill prepared to confront. It is a vision of innocence stripped violently away from a child through no fault of her own. Why was Regan chosen by the demon? There are many possible answers to the question, and the film makes none of them easy or comfortable. I recommend this film, but with a couple of cautions: It is not for children. The visual and verbal content of the film is strong enough that I think it takes a mature sensibility to put it in some perspective. For those who might not be able to do that, the movie could be overwhelming and even traumatic. Also, any prospective viewer should be forewarned--the movie is quite graphic. The extreme profanity, while much of it is familiar, is used throughout in such a blasphemous and irreligious way that those with strong feelings on the subject may well be shocked. Further, there are onscreen depictions of vomiting, urination and masturbation that may be very upsetting to a lot of viewers, especially in context. The twenty-fifth anniversary edition dvd of The Exorcist contains, amongst other things, a documentary on the making of the film. Titled The Fear Of God: The Making Of The Exorcist , it was originally shot as a BBC documentary and it features some very interesting information and interviews with the cast and crew. The VHS version of this edition also contains the documentary, though somewhat edited. The movie is also available in an edition titled: The Exorcist. The Version You Never Saw. Prepared originally for the 2000 theatrical re-release of the picture, it contains about twelve minutes of footage originally cut from the film as well as a few digital effects. If you like the movie, you'll find this interesting, though I don't think it adds anything significant to the experience. 
1|7340|Yet another R-rated horror, this time set in an office, this one is also filled to the brim with bad acting, boring execution and gobs of objectionable content. There are over 80 uses of profanity, and again, for reasons I can begin to fathom, the most often used one is the worst one, the f-word. There is also sexual content (although not nearly as much as the worthless American Pie or the brain-dead Martin Lawrence: RunTelDat. And, of course, drug use and alcohol is present. But, what else would you expect from the writers of the stupid Beavis Butt-Head series on the network for brain-deads, MTV. Stay out of this office and run to a certain Federation starship, catch some Pokemon, or let it snow!
5|5978|This truly is one of the funniest movies ever made. The acting, writing, and directing is just brilliant.
1|17234|Stupid!!
5|24309|This movie was very entertaining and fun to watch but the first one will always be the best.
1|21786|This movie sucked and that's about all I have to say.
5|6281| Towers over other Bogie vehicles such as Casablanca , Maltese Falcon , and High Sierra . 
5|12863|Definitely one of my top 10. Even though I dont care for Tim Robbins' politics, his portrayal of Andy was superb. At first I had a hard time accepting him in that role (in Steven Kings short story, Andy is small in stature, not tall like Robbins). Morgan Freeman was even better. Freeman is a one of the greatest actors ever and this is one of his best pictures. I have the DVD and find myself watching it a couple of times a year just for inspiration.
5|712|What can I say.....Ford and Jones are hot hot and triple hot!
5|4496|Wonderfully entertaining!!
5|19088|That is one of the best suspense movie I ever saw!
5|18396|Only Stephen King can combine the Ramones with a horror movie and do it well. The movie is one of the scariest I've seen, i still shudder at Zelda. And hey, if you can't sit through the whole movie like i have over 30 times, then just watch the ending, scary,scary,bam!!,climax!!......Ramones! Best ending to a movie by far.
5|17|Larger than life comic book heroes usually don't come out as good as Jones but Harrison Ford gives him a real rugged and intelligent demeanor. He manages some of the most daring and at times comical action ever filmed. Best Scene: Jones shooting the swordsman in the market place after the swordsman's impressive display of swordsmanship. 
5|2781|how can any man not like it. it has hot girlz and very action packed
5|1288|It's a great movie. John Travolta is the best actor. Its got awesome acting and an awesome plot. It's definitely a classic and everyone who is living should see this movie. Go on the web and check it out sexy people!
5|23300|Not quite as good as 2,3, and 4, but certainly better than the rest of the Trek movies. This is the last of the Passing the Torch trilogy (6,7,8) and the first all-TNG feature. And it has everything: adventure, suspence, comedy, drama; an absolutely fun Trek movie all the way through. (Epcharles, your review's misplaced --heh) 
1|2576|a so-so movie I cant see how it can be one of the best ever there are certainly many better movies that each actor are in
1|3668|Samuel L Jackson: An excellent top-notch performer who wows audiences everywhere. Too bad he went so low by performing in this flick just used to get teens to come and see the wasted Vin Diesel. Good action scenes come few and far between...usually. There are none in this flick.
5|23314|This movie was interesting yet had a touching story line to it. What a strange idea, to have scissors for hands.
5|7835|Great comedy and interesting movie. Verdel, the dog, was so cute. Jack Nicholson was excellent.
5|9818|A great movie. However, I would not categorize this coming of age movie as a comedy.
5|10906|Another cute movie..... that I absolutely love...... need I say more?
5|2795|Great Sequal, Best on Screen DUO Great Action, and Funny So where are the Oscars huh, or some kind of award. But the Car Chase Scene Was a little LONG 
5|18382|As in most cases, the book was much better. Although this is not one of King's better works, it is well worth the read. And the sequal was just plain inane. A side note to GoneAway, I bet it doesn't take much to scare the stuffing out of you!!
5|706|This is one fantastic movie. Harrison Ford is the likable doctor who you of course want to believe. Tommy Lee Jones is the 'bad guy' U.S. Marshall who is actually just doing his job. The plot rocks, the action is taut, the acting is perfect. This is also one of those 'rated' movies the kids could watc. It has no sexual content, mild violence, and a medium amount of language. Go rent it tonight.
1|24832|Rutger Hauer is a cyborg warrior who helps earth fight for its existence in an apocalyptic scenario. Avoid at all costs!
5|4482|They don't make kids films like they used to. This was a stunning film. Excellent plot where a mere child finds a book entitled The Never Ending Story - You follow the story with him. The key force of destruction in this tale is the Nothing literally non-existence or the lack of imagination. The world in which The Neverending Story takes place, is Fantasia; a conglomerate universe composed of the dreams and hopes of all people. The main protagonist, Atreyu, is the alter ego of the real life boy who is reading the story. Confused? If you haven't seen it then do! The special effects for 1984 are pretty amazing, and the use of puppets makes this experience even more magical. *Update* J-Reilly you sound bitter. Difference of opinion so what, but you really didn't have to quote me on everything and slate it. Surely you are capable of making your own synopsis without jumping all over mine?
1|17220|Boring Much? I really wanted to like this film but I just kept getting more and more annoyed. I didn't really have any sympathy for this whiny bunch of rich folks and I didn't become engaged in the story at all. I thought Richard Gere's character was pretty vacant and for a film with so many familiar names on the marquee, this film was totally unremarkable. I think that Altman is an acquired taste anyway but I can usually get into the flow of his films. This one left me hanging, waiting for a punchline, a tragedy, something to liven up this lifeless excuse for a movie.
1|21792|most boring peice of crap ever
5|12877|One of the greatest movies ever made. Most of the cast did an ecceptional acting job. However, Morgan Freeman and Tim Robbins stole the show. This is a perfect flowing movie in every aspect (plot buildup, musical score, stosphere, ec.). One cannot claim to have seen the best movies of all time unless they have seen The Shawshank Redemption.
5|23472|I enjoy the occasional fantasy film but admit that I m not the biggest Sci-fi buff in the universe. However, I will go out on a limb and say that this may possibly be the most meaningful film in that genre since The Day the Earth Stood Still . The first thing I noticed is that, unlike many of today s SciFi/Fantasy films, you do not start out as though you have suddenly been transported into a video game on steroids. Absent is the constant panic-stricken mode and non-stop breakneck speed. Instead, Signs draws you in slowly and proceeds to unfold at a nice even pace. The film features believable characters that you get to know and like going through their daily routine in a realistic location. This sense of reality is the key element that makes the more fantastic part of the story work so well; it provides the right environment for the seed of possibility to grow in the mind of the viewer. Signs is a very well done story with an excellent cast. The big plus is that this one not only gives you time to think but something to think about.
1|11916|Not the greatest movie by any means. I personally thought Goldie Hawn was totally overacting and no where near her best. Susan Sarandon couldn't even pull it off, and I think she was even trying. These two women just don't have that chemistry that is required in these types of movies. I didn't even really like the storyline that well either. Save your money and don't waste any time with this one...
5|14341|This is the most intense movie I have ever seen. Everything is great about this movie. The acting, the directing, and the cinematography truly great about this film. Aronosfky makes you feel the characters pain with his direction.
5|1465|Fantastic! An energetic, colourful slice of martial arts mayhem, with a great female lead, wonderful fight scenes and absolutely spot-on music. The music alone is woth seeing this film for. As for the violence, it's a Tarentino movie!! You knew that before you went to see it so why see a Tarentino flick if you morally object to the severing of body parts? It seems slightly masochistic to me to watch a violent film if you're squeamish.
1|19392|I had very high expectations of this film given the calber of actors. What a let down. A real snore!
5|9039|This should be way higher... The Hanson brothers are timeless.
5|24282|About a half an hour into the movie it abandons any notion of plot in the battle of Zion. Its an hour of explosions, debris, and screaming. It was absolutly wonderful.From Neo's crucifix pose to the Oracle in the end of the movie the religious backround of the movie is also more obvious. If youre a hardcore fan of the Matrix you WILL like this movie. The wierd thing is this movie isn't even the best in the Trilogy. I could type a hang of a lot more about this movie but just go see it.
5|5603|One of my all-time favorites.
5|699|By far one of the best movies made from a tv show. The movie is powerful, riveting and a great action adventure film. Harrison Ford is terrific as Dr Richard Kimble a man accussed of murdering his wife. Tommy Lee Jones was perfect as Sam Gerard the U.S Marshall who took his job seriously and put out all stops to find Kimble. The movie hooks you from the beginning and doesn't let go.
5|841|The Sixth Sense was the best movie that I saw last year. I thought the story was amazing. The end of the movie was completely unexpected. I was on the edge of my seat throughout the movie.
5|11239|This was such a great movie! I loved it. It was sweet and it kind of relates to how girls act when they are young and will do anything to be popular. But in this movie, it proves that bening popular isn't the best thing you can have and that you should stick with your true friends. This movie showed a message and it was great! If you haven't seen this movie, It is a definite movie that you should go see
5|17890|In my opinion, the best horror movie ever made. At the time - great shock value, today - overall great atmosphere and as creepy as they come. The book is a fascinating read, too.
5|10899|One of my favorite Bill Murray movies, it's very funny and should be higher on the list.
5|19103|finally, something besides the cookie-cutter teeny-bopper slasher movies... a new idea, gasp, shock! they really worked with the element of suspense, twas quite well done....
5|20782|I always have to watch this movie at Christmas. Rosemary Clooney and Bing Crosby have amazing voices and harmonize beautifully. They're able to add some humor and dancing to the movie too.
5|5165|My all-time favorite kids movie.
5|13348|I thought that Saving Private Ryan was a great movie. Definitely a classic.
5|14427|I am not a real big fan of people taking History lessons from Hollywood, however, I think this movie is one of the best mediums to teach young westeners that the Holocaust wasn't the only holocaust of the 20th Century. Canadian youth learn about the massacre briefly, too briefly actually, because of Canadian involvement in peacekeeping there. However, I don't know how much young Americans are taught on the subject, and I think that this movie is the best source to get the point across. Not a lot of people saw it, I know it won't win the Oscar for Best Picture, but I wish it would. Not for pretigue, but for recognition, so that more people will go and see it. I haven't seen any of the other movies up for the award (don't really know WHAT movies are up for the award), but I can honestly say that this in one of the best movies I have seen in a while. One of the few movies I don't mind paying 10+ bucks to see in the theater. The only thing I found wrong was Nick Nolte and ambush scene. I felt it was too action-hero like.
5|1303|I think Pulp Fiction was a awesome movie and Quentin Tarantino is one of the best directors in Hollywood.
5|22195|I love this ingenious movie! The graphics were great and the plot kept me thinking until the end of the movie, which also kept me thinking, what is the next movie going to be like? How will the next one thrill me? This movie deffinately rubbed me the right way. The story was confusing and made me wonder if t his was really going on, but I just brushed it off and that feeling made me realize about 10% more how smart the creation of this movie is. I would reccomend it to anybody that likes to keep wondering 'til the end. GREAT movie!
5|7772|This is definately Adam Sandler's best movie to date. I have wore out to VHS copies, and am working on wearing out my new DVD of this movie. If only Adam could still accomplish this great of a movie..sighs.
5|8441|i loved this movie, stiller and Deniro make a good combination of hilarious things.
5|6478|Bruno Antony is without a doubt Alfred Hitchock's best and most sinister villian. Played brilliantly and to perfection by Robert Walker who played Bruno with the right amount of charm, sardonic humor and evil. The story of Strangers on a Train is one of Hitchcock's best and is a brilliant one. Two men meet on a train and talk casually about swapping murders so they would not have a motiv. One decides to take it seriously. Hitchcock keeps the suspense to the end. It's a must see for any Hitchcock fan.
1|5386|Purely overrated. Some good elements, but the ending is so pathetic. As if everyone in the town would pitch in money for a disliked unpopular person.
5|1317|i dount now sis film bud i laik se taitel
5|22181|Great Movie despite the fact it had Keanu Reeves.
5|21488|The classic and much-imitated story, interesting characters, cutting edge effects (at that time) are still impressive and effective now, because they aren't excessive like in some modern movies (like 5th Element).
5|10133|Very much a good movie. Shows they way that cheerleaders work. Lots of hotties.
5|5617|My 2nd favorite Hitchcock move, after North By Northwest. This movie is the very definition of suspense in my opinion.
1|24761|The most incomprehensible movie I've ever seen. Just awful.
5|855|Great movie. I was totally tricked in the end. I saw the clues throughout the movie, but I didn't pick up on it. That's great! It was totally scary, especially the part where the little boy is trapped in the attic with some kind of monster or something. The plot was cool, and it kept me on my toes through the movie. I highly recommend it.
5|17884|The Queen Mother of all horror movies.
5|7000|Hilarious. Ed Rooney making an idiot out of himself was extremely funny.HHHHHEEEEEYYYYY !!!!!
5|12724|It may be shocking at times, but I believe it is people like Michael Moore who keep America thinking. We NEED extreme, shamelessly curious people like Mr. Moore to balance the mega-conservative right-wing in this country. How WONDERFUL it was to see crusaders like Charleton Heston SQUIRMING with discomfort at Moore's in-your-face, can't-get-away questioning. QUESTIONS. That's what's so important about this movie. It makes us THINK. It confronts us with subjects we may often deny thinking about. Moore shows the danger of not examining even the most unpleasant aspects of our American society.
1|11902|omg why is this even here, they should have held the premiere at a BlockBuster
5|14355|Who needs DARE when you have this movie?! The performances were awe-inspiring. The message of the movie was one of the most poignant I have ever seen. It is shocking and very disturbing, but important much like Schindler's List was. You don't want to see this stuff, but you need to in order to understand the world and what can be done about what we don't like. I wondered about the validity of the hospital scene, thinking that I can't imagine it would be legal to send him to jail instead of at least treating the infection. I realize the point they were making, but it was already made by that point. What would have worked even better is if the movie were longer, showing how the son got involved in hard core drugs in the first place. I showed this movie to my kids, while having to explain what I believe were the gateway drugs before heroin. They got the message I hoped they would, it feels good but the temporary good feelings are not worth the cost. Also, addictive drugs are addictive drugs, whether or not one is less socially appropriate than another. This movie made that point beautifully. We, as a society, shouldn't treat drug addicts as criminals either. It is torture and it doesn't solve anything in the process.
5|17674|Bob Hoskins takes on the IRA in London as even the American Mafia leave town.Hoskins was gangster made for the part.
1|1876|All my fans know that im from MN I love hockey. This movie $ucks, I woulda rather watched the ncaa finals! Go WILD. If your not a goalie the only thing left to be is a fruit>
5|4521|One of my all-time favorite movies. Way better then the new version of it. Hayley Mills did a wonderful job on it.
5|9005|Woody's best ever, and he's done a lot of great films.
5|13412|This was a sad movie but it has that image that everyone will want to watch. It is a movie that I will always remember because the character was very interesting.
5|22817|great movie! didn't see it ill after it came out on video but i thought it was great. I loved the books and the movie was just a little bit less exciting then the book probably because the book came out before the movie and the origional is usually better but i still think it was awesome
5|6336|This movie is a touching exploration of the human spirit and it is easy to see why it won as many awards as it did. The story deals with three men's problems of readjusting to life after World War II. One of the most poignant characters is Homer, who lost both of his arms during the war. Watching him struggle to adjust to his new life is truly heartbreaking. Homer and the other characters subtly point out the evils of war. They wasted the best years of their lives fighting this war and missed out on the most important thing in life, their time with their families. I can t say enough about how wonderful this movie is; you need to see it for yourself!
5|9763|One of the few films that starts better than it ends... Anyway: Funny, sweet different! I liked it, but if I could give it 4.5 I would have prefered that. 9 out of 10! :o)
5|13374|It is not just a movie, it is a philosophy, forgotten easily in this crazy world of ours. It is a drama about a simple man, who is ready to sail with the wind, with full gusto, just like the feather in the opening/closing musical suite. His life, the way he 'simply' goes through the turbulent times around, as well as his 'Run', and the feather,..they are ALL SYMBOLIC. Nobody expects real life to be like that, but it is a beautifully crafted DRAMA (critics are U listening) that forces U to ponder upon another way of looking at things! Great acting, wit, direction and music (perhaps the best cross sectional selection of greatest American classics).
5|20966|This movie is the best. It always reminds me of my best friend b/c Time of my Life is our song from cheerleading. Whenever we get into a fight listening to that song or seeing the movie always brings us back together.
5|4247|Utterly fantastic! This great 3D animation cartoon is fully equipt with famous voices, (such as Dave Foley), terrific animation, cute bugs and some great one liners that make it fun and appealing to both adults and children alike. If you haven't seen it, you're missing out. I bought this movie because it was so funny and original and is 100% better than the try-hard Warner Bros movie Antz . It is a heart-warming film, tha teaches us the good things in lfie and is full of adventure and humerous anecdotes throughout.
5|11563|All about three men getting involved with a baby that was left on their steps. They get very attached despite being wild bachelors.
5|18221|Even better than the original.
5|2636|Really loved this excellent film. Wonderful acting by great stars. Loved Susan Flannery!
5|5159|This movie was better than the first. the animation is good. and there are new characters in the movie. the secenes in paris look realistic. Go rent it.
5|17106|One of my favorite films. This is truly a haunting masterpiece. Kubrick ended his career triumphantly. I think it is intense and dreamlike, and I liked the use of unique lighting. The movie was exceptionally unsettling, and I liked the direction and setting, although slowly paced.
1|12589|Jennifer Lopez STILL sucks.
5|2622|the cell what can i say it was the best scary i've seen all year
5|13360|forrest gump teaches you that anything is possible. it teaches you to experience life as it was said life is like a box of chocolates...his momma said some pretty wise things.
5|9777|Great actors/comedians with crazy senses of humor and great plots and intermissions within the movie which kept you entertained.
5|6444|You gottal rent this and watch Joan Crawford in this truly kinky film. The Joan--Mercedes McCambridge brawl over the man is a classic. The symbolism in this flick is legion! I hadn't seen this since I was a kid and then it started appearing on cable again. I couldn't remember where I had heard the line, I never shake hands with a left-handed draw, and there it was! (Sterling Hayden)
5|7982|I watch this movie Every time it comes on I LOVE IT!! it never gets old, and it hilarious! Robin Williams does a fabulous job as Mrs. Doubtfire.
1|16937|I won't see this movie ever!!! Meg Ryan is being black balled by ME!! She showed her true color's to her son,her husband and the whole world!! I don't want to give Meg Ryan a penny of my money!! She showed no respect for her family while she was sleeping with Russell Crowe!! No thanks Meg. You screwed up big time in my book!!
5|13406|It was great to be able to go into a show and sit back and split your sides laughing.
5|9011|Amazing.
5|6322|Under-estimated by critics at the time of its release, The Great Escape has proven over the years to be a true classic, entertaining the newer generations as well as the old. It's simply great adventure, with landmark roles for most of its stars. Although it's Steve Mcqueen with his legendary bravura and motorcyle adventures who has raised the most attention, my personal favourite is James Garner with his under-stated, tongue-in-cheek performance as the scrounger who gathers all the essential materials for the escape and builds an unlikely friendship with his very English room mate, Donald Pleasance (tea without milk is so uncivilized). However, the rest of the cast are all perfect in their roles as well.
5|18553|I am rating this from a 12 yr olds state of mind since that is when I saw it for the first time. At that time, I lived in Evergreen, Colorado in a huge log cabin surrounded by tons of trees. It just so happened that I had a tree just outside my bedroom window. I wouldn't sleep in there for wks.
5|11211|Funniest new movie i've seen, really nothing funnier out right now. I specifically love the scene where Jack Black grabs the nacho, just like me and my bros.
5|882|This movie was great because it got me jumping out of my seat with horror! Even when I could tell something bad was going to happen, I still jumped. If you like movies that scare you just enough not to cover your eyes, The Sixth Sense is the movie to see.
5|17853|This movie is the most scariest movie ever. It was innovative. The director really knew how to scare people. The dialogue was terrific, and so was the acting. The special effects were advanced for the time it was made. The dead person in the tub was fun.
5|22630|If you are familiar with the X-Men comic book series, this is a great movie with special effects and an exciting movie script.
5|22156|This movie is one of my favorites. It's like the best movie ever. See how it affects other movies in the way they do special effects- they just try to be like the Matrix. The story is good and it's imaginative.
1|18729|way too silly not scary just a rip off of halloween and if you took halloween took away the direction atmoshere acting music intence feelin brilliant mood add some blood and gore leave in the style and there you go you got friday 13'th
1|19437|Puke! THis film is totally boring and overrated.
5|23248|I have to admit that when I saw the first Harry Potter I was not impressed. I had no intentions of seeing the second release, but was dragged to see it with a friend. To my surprise this time around the film was quite good. I found comedy in the character of Dobi, but am dissappointed to learn he won't be in any of the new Harry Potter movies.
5|7969|One of Robib Williams best films! Too bad a sequel wasn't made!
5|20741|This is one movie you have to go to. Just watching the DVD isn't half as entertaining as being in the theater and experienceing the audience participation. I have seen it well over 100 times in the theater, and several at home, but I prefer the theater experience.
5|20999|The music is romantic as well as the music.
5|128|Once again, Hopkins shines like he always does. This movie was engaging, yet nerve-wrecking. One of the best horror movies of all time!
5|20755|Hoppatootie bless my soul, I really love this real strange show! One of the most wickedly hilarious movies I have ever or will ever see. You can't explain its weird appeal to someone who doesn't see the humor and you don't have to explain it to anyone else. The now classic songs alone are worth the price of a CD and in a very odd way are addictively memorable not to mention great fun to sing. I would venture to say there has never been another character on stage or screen quite like his insane strangeness the bizarre Dr. Frankenfurter. Though there have been many imitations over the years, none have managed to do a more exquisitely decadent and drop dead funny interpretation than Tim Curry. The man is a true offbeat acting genius. His character also has one of the best entrances I've ever seen in a film. One thing about the Rocky experience I should mention - the first time you see it you need to go through some kind of indoctrination to get into the proper crazy frame of mind to appreciate it. If you don't, you may soon be sitting there with multiple question marks over your head - especially if you just rent it on video. My indoctrination occurred over time by working around a guy - insanely funny in his own right - who, in a former life as an art student, had been one of the regular actors in local Saturday night screenings. Of course, he knew all the wacky lines and lyrics and probably could have done a one man show himself. It was mostly due to his hilarious office performances that I ended up renting the movie and then buying the CD. Sadly, we don't work together any more and the Rocky routines are history as well. But every now and then - when the moon is full - those great memories will cross my mind and, as I sit there rather maniacally chuckling to myself, I have such an overwhelming urge to get up wherever I am and do THE TIME WARP AGAIN!
5|10696|Adam Sandler is soooooo funny. One of Adam Sandler's best movies. This movie kept me laughing the whole time and I NEVER laugh during any other comedy movies.
5|11588|funny, original - about a girl who decides to try out being gay for a while! asks the question about the differences between love between a couple and love between best friends, is this film the line between platonic and sexual is moved
5|22142|Im not even bored of after seen it 13 times. One of the best Action movies ever made.
5|8496|UPDATE: ClassicTVFAN, there is no gas station invovled. It takes place at the Quick Stop market. The appeal lies in the true to life, workaday, reality it presents. Once you have matured and dealt with the public in any way, you will see just how realistic and funny this movie can be.---------------------------------------- CLERKS is the first of the FIVE films in Kevin Smith's hilarius View Askew Askewniverse. The others are MALLRATS, CHASING AMY, DOGMA, and JAY AND SILENT BOB STRIKE BACK. The original film, shot in black and white, was filmed on location in Leonardo, New Jersey at the very store Smith worked in. It was shot in black and white to save money. And the money to finance the film came from various sources, includeing Smith's Mother's borrowed credit card. The plot follows one day in the life of Dante Randall, a clerk at the Quick Stop Market, and his best friend Randall, who works at the RST video store next door, although he spends more time at the Qucik Stop then at his own store! Dante is subjected to being called in to work on his day off, and hilarity ensues! The day begins badly, with the discovery that the shutters cannot be opened and everything goes downhill from there. He is subjected to a rant about the evils of smoking (given by a gum saleman to increase sales!), crazy customers (including one who smashes eggs!) and the harrasment of the local dope dealers, Jay and Silent Bob, all while trying to find time to straighten out his complicated love life (His ex-girlfriend (whom he is still in love with) is getting married, while his current girlfriend is bugging him to go back to school), finding time to close the store and play hockey (on the roof!), and atending the funeral of an ex-lover. Randall complicates his life by showing up late to open the video store, and by just being Randall. A hectic movie that is surprising amusing. I can highly recomned this movie. 
5|15936|I can't imagine anyone besides Ralph Fiennes playing Count Almasy. He -was- Almasy, in look, in mood, in move, in tone. But then, Ralph Fiennes always becomes the role. The superb actor that he is, Fiennes made The English Patient one of the memorable movies of the decade.
5|9788|Finally, just a movie of jokes and more jokes. Four of my favorite comedians in a real life comedy by my favorite director.
1|5345|The movie and the book are two different things. The book was told from one perspective, and the movie from another. The book gave specific details about the characters, the movie didn't give anything but the name of the character. Some of the scenes in the movie did happen in the book, but most of the major scenes from the book never made it into the movie.
5|14396|My favorite movie. It relates both to teens and adults (former teens).
5|24255|the best i ever seen
5|22624|If you love movies and comics, this is the perfect movie for you. I thought that X-Men had to be one of the best movies of the year. I was just overwhelmed by all the special effects and how close the movie was to the comic book. It was worth my money to see.
1|21802|I firmly believe that unless you have read the book and have some kind of background of the story, you won't like this movie much. It was frustrating to watch because I really wanted to enjoy it, but couldn't..because I didn't know the characters, didn't understand what was going on, nor did I care.
5|15088|A true classic - to be owned and will be an the alltime best movie list.
5|896|One of the best movies I've seen in a long time. The acting was really good.
1|12210|Horrible. I didn't buy the whole poor-me-Cinderella act on Hilary Duff. It didn't work. Nothing about this movie worked. Unless you're 12.
5|12917|One of the best of the 90's
5|23512|An excellent remake of the 1951 classic! the music and special effects are scary and the movie is supenseful and gory.
1|4715|If I hear Cera scream one more time!!!!
5|5824|Directed, produced and co-wrote by Orson Welles, Citizen Kane (1941) is considered by many professional critics as the best American film ever made. For the uninitiated, the story follows reporter Jerry Thompson (William Alland) who is assigned the task of determining the meaning of the final words (ie Rosebud) of Charles Foster Kane (Welles). The reporter traces the life of Kane from childhood to media mogul and through failed political ambitions and personal endeavors. While the film was progressive in its non-linear storyline, the movie was groundbreaking in its cinematography (eg lighting and deep focus techniques). The film was largely based on the real life of William Randolph Hearst who tried to have the film destroyed and panned it in his newspapers. The bottom line is that Citizen Kane is justifiably admired for its substantial influence on latter directors, producers and screenwriters.
1|15557|This movie had only one positive... the real picture shots of the original Titanic under the water. Other than this, the love story thing was a huge joke. I absolutely hated it.
5|19842|katie holmes is hot
5|2193|One of the few sequels that actually lived up to the original. This was due to the addition of Joe Pesci who added freshness to this movie. Whenever I go through a fast-food drive-thru, I think of Leo Getz. It included the action of the first one and more humor than the first. Gibson and Glover solidified their standing as one of the best acting tandems in recent years.
5|18584|Bad Horror Rules!
5|100|A well constructed thriller.
5|4284|This is a classic and one of the best animated Disney films. Cruella DeVil want the dalmatian puppies to make a fur coat, but the owners won't let her.
1|23783|This movie was bad
5|9978|The Wayans brothers have done it again with their parody on the recent horror movies to hit theaters. Very similar to the style of their earlier movie, Don't be a Menace... The movie is funny from beginning to end. Warning: the movie contains A LOT of sexual content.
1|18715|Sorry folks, but this movie sucked. Hey, I love Francis Ford Coppola and Gary Oldman and Winona Ryder as much as anyone out there, but this was just bad. The costumes were terrible (excepting, of course, that see-through nightgown of Ms. Ryders), the acting was not very good and it BOMBED in the theaters. This has no business making this list so high, as it was a forgettable piece of junk.
5|6493|Spencer Tracy - Burt Lancaster - Maximilian Schell - Montgomery Clift - Richard Widmark - Marlene Dietrich - Judy Garland! Can anyone find anything better? One of the greatest films of all time - or the Best? Axel Melhardt
5|7955|This was so touching that it made me cry. The plot may be fictional but its somehow realtted to our daily experience. It is about how a man improved his inner self ever since he has been stuck on the same day, as he learned from his mistake, he became wiser and not to make it again. As many recurring days went pass by, he became a better man.
5|7799|Adam is the BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1|21180|It starred Elvis. No movie he starred in rates higher than a 1.
5|6487|This movie is the ultimate buddy flick. The infamous final stand is noteworthy but I prefer the emergent vulnerability of the men as they start to share more of themselves with each other and the viewer as it dawns on them that they are in over their heads.
5|114|Anthony Hopkins did a great job as he always does. This is one of my favorite movies and i would highly recommend you to see it if you havent already.
1|23797|These movies (Independence Day and Armegeddon) are extremely egocentric, geocentric over blown and over budgeted pieces of trash that do nothing but perpetuate America's inflated view of itself as the world's savior.
5|4290|Great Disney release. Great rendition of classic children's character. Great movie for young and old.
5|21477|Some of the acting may be less than great (ahem) but this film is just so much fun to watch! Lucas created a complete universe that is easy for the audience to believe in and become part of. Also, he stuck with one of the oldest story/myth progressions of all time, which I think is why the film works so well and is so enjoyable (that goes for the whole trilogy, really). Even the SFX looked better than sci-fi films that followed for the next 15 years until CGI really hit its stride. And who didn't want to be Hans Solo when they were young (boys, anyway) because he had the coolest ship and sidekick in the galaxy...
5|10872|I thought this movie was HILARIOUS. Anybody who is a fan of Will Ferrell's SNL days will really enjoy this film.
5|5830|I'll spell it out for you: A-M-A-Z-I-N-G.
1|15543|Really bad movie only good part was when Jack died, it was so funny, I could'nt stop laughing. Rose deserved to get smacked in the face.
5|672|Full Metal Jacket is one of the best war movies. It is so realisitc and by showing some of the gruesome effects, it gets the point across on how crazy the war might have been.
5|18590|this movie is great! it has great special effects, for its time. absolutely a classic. this movie is awesome. really scary. i couldn't sleep that night! i love all the gore! 
5|12903|Everybody loves shawshank, it's dificult to see anything beating it for the 'peoples' choice for best film of all time. Brilliant from start to finish. The unfolding scenes from when Andy is sat in the yard talking to Red, just let out from solitary confinement, to the films close are as satisfying to watch as anything in cinema. 
5|23506|I recommend this flick to everyone within earshot. Carpenter had a way of establishing mood with his early efforts, and this one sinks its teeth into your spine and settles in. Just enough casting acumen to keep you involved with the characters without harboring attachments to them when they bit the dust (which you knew was going to happen). Slightly sloppy in the special effects department, but when certain scenes hit, they packed a wallop (the head-bug in the doorway continues to chill). Pacing was exceptional, and the ending is not to be missed. A classic that's not mentioned nearly enough.
1|17354|terrible
5|22397|the second best in the new trilogy
5|1101|A classic. The last stand was great. They couldn't drop him. TO NUMBAH: Uhmm, a little coke?
5|23089|All I got to say- Darth Maul. This guy is the tightest Sith there is. He has a double lightsabre. Is that enough?
1|17803|Stupid
5|21846|The Back to the Future series would have to be amongst my favourate movies. They are relatively clean yet funny and have a very interesting story line. Biff would have to be the funniest character, not that I condone bullies! You want to know something interesting about the character who plays Biff. Well he became a dedicated Christian and his ambition is to spread the Love of God around!
5|20580|A virtually underrated film. Perhaps it wasn't well recieved in it's day because of it's dark tone that is not often associated with musicals. But Roy Schieder is amazing and Jessica Lange haunting. Schieder's main supporting characters, Leland Smith and Anne Reinking literally steal the show. The two faboulous dancers are just outstanding from dance number to dance number. And the final number......gosh, that final sequence still gives me the chills and makes me teary eyed everytime. 
1|24577|This is the worst 45 minutes I've ever seen. You might be wondering why I said 45 minutes? Well, it's because along with myself, half the theater left at that point. There is something not quite right about waiting in line longer to get your money back than you do standing in line to buy the ticket.
5|18779|One of the best horror movies I have seen in a very long time. I have seen it several times (on cable) & it never ceases to frighten. Love it.
5|5401|When small-town denizen George Bailey (James Stewart) wishes out loud that he'd never been born, his guardian angel Clarence (Henry Travers) shows him how his idyllic home town of Bedford Falls would have been without him. This perennial Christman classic works so well because it plumbs the very depths of despair before pulling out all the emotional stops for the desperately happy ending ( I never knew I had so many friends wails George). This is a beautiful and heartwarming tale that is an absolute must-see. Summary: A BRILLIANT AND BEAUTIFUL CHRISTMAS CLASSIC. 
5|24080|I enjoyed the movie, I expected it to suck because of Ben Affleck being in it, but I liked it, I liked it a lot. He did a good job, so did Garner. Good movie. 
5|6108|The best historical drama ever produced. The naval battle was spectacular ! The chariot race - one of the best race scenes ever produced. 
5|8125|This movie protrays the life and love of a young girl turning Sixteen. It is so well done, that even today young girls are sure to relate to the character Molly Ringwald plays, despite her total 80s outfits. There are great one liners and a soundtrack that screams 80s.
5|7216|Animal House is the pioneer of classic comedy movies, John Belushi was one of the best pure comedians, even though, he was a drug addict
5|13638|my favourite movie ever. i have it on tape and i saw it about 10 times, one night i even saw it 3 times in a row. very hard movie but it has a very important message. edward norton makes the movie even better and i think it's one of the movies that everyone just has to see.
5|8131|LOL second best movie of Jim carrey hahahaha
5|7202|The GREATEST movie of all time. Period. 
5|23923|I have no idea why, but I really liked this movie. Every time I see a Quaker Oats commercial with Wilfred Brimley I expect him to say, If you eat the oats you won't ever get old, and you won't ever die. 
5|16740|Read the book it is even better.
5|3064|what not to love!!
1|24563|This movie was horrible and boring. I would not recommend this version of Time Machine to anyone. Don't bother renting the tape either, you'll just be wasting your money. Like most films made by Hollywood today, this one showed their anti-White nature. The Morlocks, the bad guys, had blond hair and their mind control leader was a glow-in-the-dark Aryan, who was also bad. According to this story, mankind evolved into two species, the dark skinned mixed race, who were portrayed as completely good in nature and the blond race creatures and their Aryan mind controller, who were portrayed as evil. The bad blonds ate the dark skinned people, but this was never shown. The 'hero' of this boring flick killed all the mutated Aryans and freed the mixed race from their horrible oppression of being food. Jewish hollywood never misses a chance to portray blonds in a negative manner. H.G.Wells would hate this version of his book since he was well aware of Aryan history (he wrote on the subject) and to see his movie take on anti-Aryan sentiments would have inflamed him. I may have described this film in an exciting way, but it was really dull and predictable even if you haven't read the book. The 'hero' uses his time machine to blow up all the bad people and then he stays in the future. The movie is also anti-technology by saying mankind took his knowledge too far. In the 'hero's' first couple of jumps into the future, he sees that mankind (Whites) destroyed the moon causing all society to collapse. All that is left in the far off future is the mixed race 'good people' and the mutated White 'bad' race. All the action parts of the film I mentioned were very brief, so don't go see the movie because of the narrative I spoke on. Basically this film was nothing more than anti-White, anti-technology propaganda with little entertainment value. No wonder it tanked at the box office. And, if you rent it, you will only be wasting your time. It's also no wonder movies do not offer a satisfaction guarantee.
5|5415|A true classic! One of the best x-mas stories ever. Very interesting and eye-opening. I think its about time they make a new one though, just to bring it into the present more.
5|21852|micheal j. fox was so cute in this movie..i had to give it a 5!
5|20594|i like this musical a lot it is really good i recomend it to anyone who likes musicals
5|17338|A truly passionate and beautifully done film about a woman trying to help others by sacrificing her own needs and going out of her way to do it. Amelie is a truly unique character, with her quirks and flaws and trademarks and she's had a hard life. Her mother was killed in front of her and she had to give away her pet goldfish at such a young age under brutal enforcement of her mother. But Amelie finds joy in every little thing about life. A uplifting film. 
5|16026|It is a very beautiful movie and presents the way Eastern countries can be.
5|11749|Very underappreciated comedy of the '90's. Norm MacDonalad is superb.
5|8657|Charles Grodin is one of my favorite actors! This is easily his best role.
5|7564|Do you find something humouwous abowt my fwiend, Bigus Dickus?
1|20063|This movie kept me on the edge of my seat.... waiting for something to happen. It never did. The dialog consisted mostly of the F word, used once every 10.44 seconds. I learned that, even I could be offended by this language when exposed to it long enough. Basically, if you take 11 seconds out of the center of the movie and put it in a continuous play loop, you've got the whole thing. Stupid dialog about 3 stupid people who go into the woods with a map they can't read and a compass they don't know how to use. They have no survival skills whatsoever. Any ordinary person threatened by a 'whatever-it-was' would hopefully sharpen a couple branches and make a spear or dagger, or fashion some kind of weapon. And what's up with all the filming while they're 'running for their lives'? I don't mean to pick on the lack of realism because this is fiction, but these people were so moronic that I was actually cheering for the 'whatever-it-was' to get them so they couldn't eventually reproduce. I understand what this movie was trying to accomplish; fear of the unknown. It missed the mark by a mile. It could have worked, but it didn't. It was boring, repetitive, had dialog consisting almost entirely of F--- and left me with a burning desire to call my Congressman and demand more funding for education. I hope the $30,000 cost for this movie was spent on expensive lunches. Otherwise, it was wasted. 
5|22383|Very good movie. I would recommend it to adults, it may be a bit harsh for young people.
5|1115|In my opinion, the greatest movie ever made. Al Pacino gives yet another great memorable performance. And I think that the ending was genius. Enough Said.
5|9549|In the day of AIDS, the internet, and phone sex, the club scene has seemed to plummet in the past decade, but Swingers was just the film to revive it! A film about male camraderie, Swingers drills holes into some of our accepted stereotypes of men while reaffirming other ones. The heartsick,sensitive Mikey, the down-to-earth sensible Rob, the too cool for words Trent, and his quick-tempered partner in crime, Sue, not only serve as the main characters in this film, but as stereoypes that have been generated since the dawn of cinema. What is so wonderful about Favreau's script is that he gives us moments where the actors can stop being their characters and start being human ie. Big T standing on the table in the diner and Mikey ranting about going to clubs. Those are the moments when the female preconceived notions of men start breaking down and the ideal of men as real, thinking people start replacing them. I can't think of a better comedy for Gen-Xers, men and women, to see together. It would give women a chance to ask questions and men a chance to explain.
5|2434|At the movie theater-restaurant that I work part-time, Collateral had an impressive seven-week run whereas most films last only two or three and are quickly replaced by newer movies (we have a limited number of theaters and can only accomodate the most profitable, mainstream films). I ended up seeing it three times -- some of the dialogue still gives me chills. Everything about Collateral is superbly done, especially the acting performances of Tom Cruise and Jamie Foxx. This ranks as one of my favorite movies, and I would recommend it to anybody who's looking for an action thriller with brains.
1|13481|Overdramatic, dark, boring and laced with useless profanities, this R-rated terror of the night needs to learn some lessons from other dramatic franchises such as Star Trek. 
1|23542|I think the movie is not as good as it is advertised on tv or radio. The comics and the series on tv were great but the movie is s***. ***DESTROY EVERYTHING*** 
5|14619|best of its genre.
1|11296|Wretched. Worse than pulling teeth.
5|6652|Sanctuary! Sanctuary! Good final comment by Medgar Evers below.
1|21355|pretty bad. Grease 2 never should have happened unfunny and dumb. Michelle P. did the best she could do with clunker. thankfully it did not stop her for going on to better movies.
5|6134|Quite simply the most beautiful movie ever! The acting by the two stars is first class, the sets and photography are spellbinding and the story, while tragic, is nonetheless one of the best romantic stories ever.
1|5812|Sorry, but I found it long and boring. Maybe it's because I expected too much. As long as I can remember, I've heard and read about what a great picture this is. (Rated #1 by the National Film Institute). When I compare Citizen Kane (1941) and Casablanca (1942) its like night and day. The storyline, acting and cinematography in Casablanca are vastly superb to Kane.
5|8119|Movie with true 80s style. Ya gotta luv the 80s.
5|11013|It is a very funny movie and keeps you on the edge at all times. The characters played by the cast are very outstanding.
5|4737|This is by far one of the most brilliant and heart warming childrens animated films ever created. Te story of Fival the mouse and how he is seperated from his family while on their way to America. It featuers one of the sadest songs ever, Somewhere out There and is an absolutly wonderful movie. Avoid Fival goes West at all costs.
5|6120|In the horror film genre, this is a reigning champ. I have never been a fan of the so called "slasher" movies, that contain no psychological angst, but rather the anticipation of the girl to fall in the forest ( which she always does ) and gets, well you know.... In what ever happened to Baby Jane, we see two dynamic legendary actresses displaying the best there is in this genre. Of couse the feuding between them in real life, only enhances the fire, this film is extremely well thought out, and the performances by these two ladies is fantastic. Bette Davis' face alone could scare the h**l out of anyone, and Joan is wonderful as always as the tormented bedridden sister. Through a collection of horrible circumstances, we are ultimately lead to an ending that makes us all contemplate "what will happen now?" and I personally love that aspect of filmaking. I don't always like to be told what to think, or to be given a nice neat little package to feel comfortable with. Extremely disturbing ( and Bette Davis singing only inhances this ) I would recommend this movie to any film lover, 5 stars to two iconic stars, who's light still shines just as brightley as ever! 
5|13604|Aboslutely loved the film. A wonderful depiction of average oridinary life at it's best.
5|15275|Damn! This was a great, inspirational movie. I loved it. Great acting, major props to Denzel.
1|17195|Its for movies like this that I wish you could vote lower than 1. What can I say-horrible acting, dialogue, storyline...It just sucked. No wonder Justin left Britney. You should always get off a sinking ship.
5|1897|One of the best action movies of the 90's, Face/Off actually has a well developed plot and characters. The act is great so that it is somewhat believable when John Travolta and Nicholas Cage are playing each others characters. Good action scenes from John Woo.
5|7558|They are so funny! They just crack me up everytime!
5|1129|The movie was very real. It was an excellent portrayal of gang and drug life. NAS also makes references to the movie in his songs.
1|21341|HA,HA,HA,Ha!! I didn't even have to see this movie to know it was one of the worst films ever created! Mariah and talent do not bekong in the same sentence unless the word bad is also used. The story is obvious and has been run into the growned over a hundred times. Now it is miss Mariah's turn. Strange how she had a mental breakdown just days before her movie opened. Doesn't seem like an obvious desperate attempt to stur up contoversy and maybe temt some dim witted suckers into seeing a lame and dare i say cliched to the foulist depths of hell peice of poo cinema. If you have half a brain, do not waist your cash. THIS HAS BEEN A MESSAGE FROM THE ANTI - POP STARS TURN ACTOR/ACTRESS COMITEE. I support real actors and actress's in film.
5|13162|as good as the first! just look for the reviews of the original, best sequal ever! watch the first and second
5|18037|Brian De Palma`s Carrie , still remains as one of the most unforgettable and enduring horror films ever made. This harrowing, chilling and riveting movie takes a look at a very popular subject; adolescent cruelty. Carrie White (Sissy Spacek) is a withdrawn and sexually repressed misfit who also possesses psychic powers. Brian De Palma`s famous prom scene is electrifying, but it is the final scene between Carrie and her mother that will both disturb and haunt you. Carrie is a very distinctive horror film, that combines chilling horror and tragic poignancy, creating a genuinely good movie that should be watched again and again.JUST ONE SHAPES OPINION 
5|2420|This is just a great movie! I get a little frustrated when people just talk about how sexy it is. It is sexy but that's not the main thing that makes it so good. It is very intense and suspenceful. I admit I rented it because I wanted to see Sharon Stone, but I soon forgot it was her and just got into the story. It is a well made movie.
5|17304|I broke two of my movie rules (no subtitles/no movies about the Holocaust) in order to see Life Is Beautiful, and I'm really glad I did. It's a phenomenal film! The show is about a man who tries to make life bearable for his young son after they've been sent to a concentration camp. Though the show is extremely sad in many ways, it's also incredibly uplifting, heartwarming, and even hilarious at times. The acting is superb across the board, and Roberto Benigni shines in his Oscar-winning performance. If you're avoiding the movie because of subtitles, don't let that keep you from seeing it. I was so drawn in from the very start, I didn't even realize I was reading them. As someone who has tried twice to make it through Schindler's List and failed, I can also guarantee you that the portrayal of the Holocaust is not too graphic. Life Is Beautiful is a movie that you must see!
5|19329|This movie is very popular among 1)Death Row Inmates 2)Juvenile Sex Offenders and 3)Metamphetamine addicts who dropped out of Junior High School to pursue a career as male prostitutes. In fact, the only movie in the entire world that MAY be better than this one is Hellraiser.
1|1335|As a violence director,this is even more insipid than Pulp Fiction.
5|8858|A very funny movie. It is one of those movies that sounds so weird and bad when you try and describe it. but give it a try and it is a lot of entertainment. A down on his luck producer and his accountant figure they could make more money off a flop than a success so they set out to produce the worst play ever. they find it in a play called Springtime for Hitlerthey have to meet with the playwright, and a director and cast the play. it has a lot of oddball characters. and then just when they think they succeed in making the worst play ever they get a huge surprise.It won't give the spoiler. this is one of those movies when I heard about it I thought it would be bad but ended up finding it to be very funny. Zero Mostel and Gene Wilder are both good on their roles.
5|13189|One of the most perfect dramas of all time.
5|8680|FREAKIN FUNNY AND HILARIOUS I LOVE THIS MOVIE ITS ONE OF MY FAVORITES!
5|6875|British humor is so much funnier than our American brand. They're so out there- take huge risks and either you get it or you don't. So good.
5|13837|Really good movie. You need to pay attention though, don't leave to go to the bathroom, you might miss something. Makes me want to have some bbq. The relationship between the two women in this film is wonderful. The plot is spellbinding, some little and one big surprise pop up through out the movie. Kathy Bates finding herself as a side story to this only adds to the film. You have to watch it ALL. 
1|3244|Pierce Brosnan should stick to Remmington Steel because James Bond was finished when Sean Connery finished. You are right, to World is not Enough for ....me to poop on.
5|24043|crazy, crazy movie. i still hate cgi. the story is very quiet, and beautiful, despite the hellraising action scenes. i think i'm in love with the main character. i was afraid to see it, because i don't want to get sucked back into the world of video games (this movie is based on one) but i'm glad i rented it. donald sutherland's gentleness, power, and intelligence were perfectly cast in his role. alec baldwin brings his usual smarmy blend of machismo and whining. the tone is relentlessly dark, but the movie's filled with hope, and nobility. if this had been live action, it would be considered one of the best sci fi films of all time, but it's a landmark for the medium. strongly recommended.
5|4904|another cute movie..... need I say more? Except that it is not as good as the original...... but it does finish off the plot of the book.
5|18962|More funny than scary, but still fun to watch. Bruce Campbell rules!
5|18976|Usually the original is best; not this time. AOD is a great comedy starring Bruce Campbell.
5|13823|The best movie I've ever seen, hands down
5|1868|The right cast for the right story;the lack of F words isn't missed. And Jim Brown's last run looks like a more effective weapon than any tank. 
5|24057|Criminally underrated, this first installment of the Star Trek movie saga is scored gloriously and the exploring v'ger's domain theme remains a permanent fixture for fans of sci-fi music. The film's gloriously dark and unknown nature is a welcome departure from the traditional contrived and cheesy nature of the original series it follows. Whilst the long dialouge-less scenes may seem boring to some they are in fact simply cementing the establishment of space and the unknown enemy as mysterious which adds a great deal of dynamic tension to actually uncovering what it all means.
5|23738|this movie had it all. Action and special effects were through the roof. and it made everyone in the theather laugh.( the comedian were the boy and the unlce and the little mummuies) im serious though you should really see this movie
5|24731|I dont caree if you say no plot, no acting, boring, you can't put a price on a cute as hell girl who ends up beating everybody's ass! All you losers beter shut up with your complainin' and see this movie as it was made, TRUE ENTERTAINMENT!!! Got that? Good.SHUT UP.
5|6861|One of my favorite movies. It's sooo silly, but at the same time, it's very intelligent. The Monty Python boys really knew their stuff when they recreated the medieval time. I really like the peasants talking about the government ( You're not my king, I didn't vote for you ) Monty Python is one of those things you really like or really hate. It's hard to be neutral about it.
5|22340|The best super-hero movie of all time, with one of John Williams' best scores. 2001's DVD release of the 1978 film is really good, but beware: the commentary track is shabby and badly recorded, and the isolated score track fails to live up to its promise. Otherwise, this presentation of the film and the other extras are great.
5|21649|Awesome movie! Amazing special effects, creating a whole new world. Will see again on the big screen. Can't wait for the next one.
5|21891|As times goes on, this movie gets lost in the discussions of great movies from the past 10-15 years, but it shouldn't. It takes an old theme (time travel) and makes it a part of an original story. I only wish they had stopped at this one and not done the two sequals.
5|10494|Tom Green plays a hilariously wierd college student. Plenty of nudity and a lot of funny parts and scenes. The plot was better than expected. The movie was hilarious.
5|20557|The great classics don't get old. I did watch this when I was young and I did not ignore any of the parts. Not only I like the title music, but also "Gotta Dance", "Make 'em Laugh" & "Good Morning to You." Debbie Reynolds was one of the best voice overs for a beautiful, but squeaky woman in the movie that the actores wanted to produce. Love that one. Nothing can duplicate that MGM Masterpice now.
5|8864|This is the funniest movie ever! My friends and I have so many inside jokes from it.
5|6691|This was my first horror film. My dad took me to see it. The Creature must have made it home in the trunk of the car and hid in my dad's shop in the basement. Used to skin my knees scurrying up the stairs so he wouldn't grab my ankles...
5|14802|Emma Thompson and Sir Anthony Hopkins are so marvelous in this movie! Until the end of the movie, you go on hoping something happen.
1|20088|To me, it was a stupid movie. A movie has to have action and drama. Most of the time the camera was on the trees or the ground.
5|22368|Alien (released in 1979, two years after Star Wars) is a science fiction movie which addresses the contemporary human condition. Director Ridley Scott creates a dark and futuristic, yet eerily organic world which hints at the problems of today but with the additional veneer of whizbang technology and inhuman corporate omnipresence. (Scott returned to these undertones in Blade Runner.) The viewer is able to relate to the human characters as they are thrust into increasingly impossible challenges, forced to make decisions that place emotion and logic in conflict (eg Ripley refusing to allow Dallas and Kane back into the ship), and faced with primordial fears of that deadly creature lurking in the damp shadows (as the presence of the alien is felt rather than seen). The original Alien is much better than any of the sequels as the film doesn't overly rely on action and the dialogue is well done, working even when understated. (Ripley also becomes too hard core in the sequels which erodes the original concept for her character of an unwilling heroine.) The design of the alien earned designer H.R. Giger the Oscar for Best Visual Effects, the special effects were excellent at the time of release (and still hold up well today), and the musical score melds well with the theme and feeling of the movie. The bottom line is that Alien remains a landmark film in the science fiction genre due to its emphasis on reality and humanity as opposed to some kind of utopian ideal.
5|6849|One of the funniest movies ever! Aside from a couple of bad words and one risque moments, its a good movie for the entire family. The jokes, puns and slapstick never stop, providing gallons of laughs. Highly recommended!
5|21661|My favorite out of the first 3. Luke meets his Dad face to face, such a touching story at the end, Princess Lea exposes herself a little in this one, mmmmmm. Ahead of it's time and very complete and entertaining.
1|23581|The single worst movie made about the Arthurian legends. Nice shiny armour though.
5|4086|Disney has done it again. This sequel, I thought put Toy Story over the top. The movie had feeling, emotion, and character. Hopefully Disney will come back again with Toy Story 3.
5|5398|THE COOLEST MOVIE EVER!!! For christmas anyways
5|302|what to say about it it's just excellent 
5|18786|ONE OF THE SCARRIEST MOVIES OF ALL TIME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THE SUSPENSE & SCARRY MOMENTS ARE COUNTLESS!!!!!!! IT MAKES YOU THINK!!!!!!
5|464|The final chapter in the Indiana Jones trilogy. This light hearted adventure makes fun for the whole family. Harrison Ford and Sean Connery are great s the father and son heros. It's action packed. It's fun. It's Indiana Jones! Love it!
5|2391|I really liked this movie....I kept suggesting it to my husband to watch and he kept saying no and now he is telling everyone to watch it!
5|20219|TROMA! TROMA! TROMA! It's about time a TROMA movie made it on the list! Toxie is great! Long live TROMA!
1|24588|Bored me soooooooo much. One of those films that you wind up almost falling asleep on a bunch of times, and it's also one of those ones that, for no good reason, you stupidly feel that you are somehow obligated to watch the whole thing. Then you wind up kicking your own ass for wasting two precious hours on this dreck.
5|21107|A great movie that allowed the world to get to know the outrageous personalities of the Beatles. The music is great, of course, and each one of the fab four do a good job of acting. Possibly the first music video.
5|23710|A must see. The best action packed Star Trek Nemesis, will be on DvD May 20, 2003. I hope Paramount Pictures will make Star Trek Nemesis Play Station Game. 
5|1698|What a gorgeous movie-Chow-Yun Fat is so captivating-the best film of the year, possibly..
5|1854|This is the definitive Kung Fu flick with the only Kung Fu star, Bruce Lee. This was already destined to be a classic when it was made. This movie set the standard for the following films.
5|21113|I love this film! Represent sthe war of mods vs rockers wonderfully. (I wasn't even thought of then!) Sting was fantastic in this as was the rest of the cast. There were certainly quite a few familiar faces as well. 
1|23595|A disappointing adaptation of the book although few sci-fi movies do that really well. The most irritating thing was that, while I understand product placement would seem a necessary evil in the modern Hollywood movie, this movie seemed little more than a 90 minute commercial with a poorly interpreted sci-fi story wrapped arond it.
1|12748|UPDATE: Say goodbye to America, hope you enjoy your police state? Facts are facts? Reav, whew. Now, there are lots of things you can blame on a public high school education, but your kool-aid distribution seems a little more serious. Moore's movie is factual? Even the faithful Deaniacs don't try to purport that. Just line up in Michael's kool-aid line when he tells you it's a fact that it's good for you. I'll remain in the police state I just voted for. And bluetar, being propaganda doesn't make it false? Look up the definition of propaganda again. ORIGINAL COMMENT 3/4/05: This is on the wrong list. Where is the list on crockumentaries? This rates a 5 there.
5|316|Wow this movie was absolutly phonominal. The cinimatography was absolutly great and it made me feel as if i was back in the time of the romans. This movie had a great plot that i could follow the whole way through. And the end was amazing. This is a fantastic movie that i have seen so many times.
5|23062|The Star Wars franchise strikes back with a vengenance with The Phantom Menace. Featuring a young Obi-Wan and his trainer, they fight a new enemy named the Trade Federation. The special effects are amazing from the space battles, droid battles and the pod racing. Humor is provided from the amusing Jar-Jar Binks. Characters are well fleshed-out and have memorable dialogue. A great ending and a great movie overall. Second in the Star Wars franchise only to Attack of the Clones.
5|8870|a side splitting movie!
5|6685|Unusual John Ford movie in the Pacific. Dorothy Lamour, Raymond Massey, Thomas Mitchell etc. The hurricaine special effects (1937) really have never been equalled.
1|21382|lmao at star wars. star wars sucks
5|14816|I like this movie because it has a realistic plot with an optimistic ending. It makes you look at the world in a different way and eases your mindframe. It's a must see, even if it is a little bit graphic and violent.
1|18503|This movie sucked. It wasn't scary at all. They should've kept it to one movie to save tape. Once again this movie sucked. The plot was so boring. I actually fell asleep during it.
1|15998|I would rather slit my wrists while crawling over broken glass than ever have to sit through this negative experience again.
5|16966|I don't know why this film is so under rated by the viewers. Maybe it's to complex. I find the twist absolutely stellar. And I don't perticularlly like Tom Cruise.
5|471|This movie was a great ending to the trilogy. The first movie was great because it was the first, but I would have to say that this one is the best.
1|16249|Little boy gets laid story. About as interesting as someone popping zits.
5|1855|I like all of Bruce Lee's movies. It'a a good biography of his life and career. I would recommend watching this.
5|6684|Nowhere is Charlie Chaplin's true genius more evident than in this perceptive avant-garde critique of modern, machine-age society. His great achievement however is to make us laugh and cry while dealing with a serious, philosophical subject.
5|8871|The truck made out of Mary Jane and the cop getting the munchies. Too funny.
5|4093|loved it
1|733|Just dreadful. But what else could it be, having that awful book as a basis.
5|21674|The best movie of the original trilogy, RoTJ features a second death star and a huge battle to destroy it between two fleets. Meanwhile, on a planet with an amusing race of aliens called the Ewoks, Han and Leia work to sabotage the shield generator protecting said Death Star. Also, look for Jabba the Hutt, the Emperor, Darth Vader and much more in this exciting and great movie!
5|5399|A film that consistently brings tears to my eyes. Frank Capra's masterpiece of ethics, the American Dream, and George Bailey's search for fame and discovery that a man doesn't have to be wealthy to be the richest man in town is an American classic that has become such a part of our lives that Christmas without this film is like bacon without eggs. Includes the performance that defines Jimmy Stewart's unparalleled movie career, some of the most memorable scenes in history, and Lionel Barrymore as Mr. that man has been a boil on my neck for 20 years Potter. See it every year. 
5|4087|Cute. Bother the original and the sequel were great and I own them both. It makes you look at toys in a whole new light.
5|21660|The Return of the Jedi is miles in front of The Empire Strikes Back and a little better than the first since the story gets interesting more quickly. It's better than the recent (set earlier) additions to the story.
5|22369|Even almost 25 years, stil the most scariest space movie ever. the creature bursting out of that man's chest is still the best scene. The music is also very scary. A lot scarier than many modern science fiction and thriller movies. Some scary scenes-the alien derelict ship with the alien pilot skeleton and the egg room, the chest burster scene, the alien killing Brett in the dark cargo hold room, the alien stalking Dallas in the air vent, the alien being on Ripley's shuttle, Ash attacking Ripley, and a deleted scene in which Ripley finds Brett and Dallas cocooned in the cargo room.
5|6848|This movie is hilarious. I watched it in my 9th grade history class when learning about the Middle Ages and it definitely does have educational value. It uses satire regarding life in Medieval Europe. This is seen especially when the brilliant writers of the movie mocked the constant warfare in Europe when the guy had both of his arms and legs cut off and still continued to make an attempt at fighting. A great piece of political commentary.
5|14803|Ben Kingsley probably the most evil bad guy ever in this role...
5|6690|Not only is this one of the only artistic westerns, it includes great acting and mind-blowing editing of ultraviolent killing scenes. One of the greatest of its era.
5|8865|I saw this straight, and still laughed!
5|1699|It all depends on your style of movies on wether you like this movie or not. But what can not be argued is that this movie is flawless in every aspect. The acting was great and the directing couldn't be better. Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon has many scenes in which you would only see in comic books such as fighting on tree limbs, flying off rooftops and running up walls. This wasn,t done with phony graphics or real cheesy attacks it was done with style and grace. Very well done movie and despite what others say about this movie this should be nominated for the best movie of the year.
5|1841|Bruce Lee is a very successful and talented man. This movie showed his skills and it was a way for him to introduce the world to a new style of fighting.
1|17143|This was one of the worst movies that I have ever seen. It was depressing and bad acting.
1|24589|Angelina Jolie STILL sucks.
5|465|This is another classic film. I think that like all Indian Jones trilogy, Harrison Ford makes the film. It is an action thriller that makes every American want to become a professor of Archeology and go on thrilling adventures. What really makes them good also is that they are a series.
5|14195|I thought this was a good movie. I didn't think I'd like it at first. Elizabeth led an interesting life and I learned a little bit about her as well as being entertained.
5|1869|Lee Marvin at his very best!!!
5|22427|I could ramble on endlessly about how the act in which Anakin returns to Tatooine to save his mother is handled in a manner that makes it seem like time-filler, or how the budding romance between Anakin and Padme, and the inner-decension of Anakin into Darth Vader do not pack the emotional jolt that they could or should, but I won't I just sat back in the theater twice and enjoyed what I saw. Once you learn to enjoy a film without hanging on its short-comings, then you've begun to develope your own opinions and personal feelings of the cinema. I enjoyed Attack of the Clones immensely, and hope to see it again soon. Because I enjoyed it so much, I give it 5 stars, despite the fact that it's only worth 4.
5|13822|Most people will think it is too long to take the time to sit down and watch it, but it they do they will realize it was well worth it. The russian ruloutte scene is very intense and well acted, due to the fact that DeNiro is one of the greatest actors of all time and because the Vietnamese portrayed actors were told to really hit DeNiro.
5|18977|Army of Darkness in my mind is more of a comedy than a horror flick. It is probably one of Sam Raimi's best films. Even though there is no real depth to the movie it is still considered to be one of the ultimate guy films.
1|1446|needs more Asian male actors
5|10495|It is a funny depiction of fictional college life. Overall, I was amused.
1|8462|don't bother - #1 was bad enough.
5|6860|The knights who say Nee... 
5|22341|Awesome movie! Christopher Reeve is THE definitive Superman. This film is made with so much heart and soul. It's far superior to any of the overblown Batman movies.
5|8695|American Pie is such a funny film!! The funniest parts have gotta be the beer bit and the internet dancing! Not to mention the quotes and this one time, at band camp... and say my name bitch!! Did I mention that Blink-182 are in it too? AWESOME!! 
5|6874|This is the funniest movie I have ever seen. It is pure genius. It is British comedy at its best, filled with complete absurdity and mayhem.
5|8681|one of the best of all time
1|3523|American can not make a good disater movie anymore.
5|13188|Yes - the best ever
5|8859|Mel Brooks' best--BY FAR! Great characters, great story, superb acting throughout. And, while I'm at it, Brooks has this habit of using very childish lines in an effort to get a laugh. This movie has none of that. It is a classic and Brooks hasn't even approached this level of quality since.
1|12761|It's not a documentary...
5|20542|This is like candy for the eyes. They (Sony) have created such amazingly innovative products, but this blows them all away. I love watching IMAX movies, it makes me want to go buy an IMAX theater.
5|21884|This is such a great movie, one of the best of all time. Michael J. Fox is great in this movie adding a degree of humor and excitement to this all ready exciting movie. Christopher Lloyd is also hilarious as his zany experiments backfire on him. The story is great, making it one of my favorites of all time.
5|18963|Love it! Bruce Campbell is once again funny and great. It was a bit scary with the Deadites, but not terrifing. I still love it.
1|1452|I hated this movie. It's incredibly unrealistic and very cheesy. I personally find its ridiculous fight sequences to be a disgrace to all martial artists and especially to the legacy of the samurai (whose sword art was very poorly portrayed throughout the film).
5|459|My absolute favourite of the three. The spark between Harrison Ford and Sean Connery is amazing - the scenes with those two are absolutely hilarious and they do seem like father and son - and the dynamic works. You learn a bit more about Indiana Jones' past (like his real name is Junior and his dogs name was Indiana) and you get to see the more human side to him. they are aiming to get the most prized item in their field - the Holy Grail, but instead of getting it, it brings them closer and they leave the Holy Grail where it is. Fantastic! 
5|20224|My favorite movie EVER!!! I LOVE IT!! IT's sooo funny.
5|17488|A musical, visual, and human delight! One of Fellini's best, and the humor translates fine for American audiences.
5|4905|Aside from Johnathan Lipnicki's sub-par acting, this sequel is great. I still can't find the brief mild language that forced its US PG rating (in Canada it is rated G), but believe me, its a great movie. The way the families act is great and smacks of Leave it to Beaver or Hazel. Also, the CG is great and the voice acting (led by Family Ties star Mike J. Fox) is great all the way around for the non-human characters. And, I would have to say, Snowbell has most of the great lines. :)
5|14181|A totally awesome movie that is the first to make me cry in a long time. The movie itself is very cathartic in that afterwards you feel exhausted emotionally.
1|19152|How did this get under the title Horror Movies? Blade was the biggest joke I've seen in a long time. I feel sorry for Wesley Snipes, that's going to take a long time to live down.
5|22433|this movie brings back the magic, novelty, and inrtigue of star wars that caught everybody when the first movie came out (no, you can't see it again for the first time, that's impossible, so move on) and frankly is one of the greatest movies i've ever seen. here's the skinny. hayden christensen does an excellent job as anakin, i hope to see more of him in other films in the future. ewan's reprisal of the obi wan role is better than his first attempt, he's growing into the alec guinness version nicely, but i was amazed that this friendship that we've imagined all these years between him and anakin has nowhere near the emotional impact that obi wan's and qui gon's had in phantom menace. natalie portman continues to smuggle her awesome intelligence into her work under the cover of her beauty, and forces us to wonder what exactly is fueling her character's love for anakin. it's clear from the beginning of the film that anakin has been sweating her since the last chapter, but her reactions to his advances seem only what you'd expect from a very professional political figure getting a lot of sudden and very personal attention. it's only when they are apparently facing death that she tells him that she loves him too, and you wonder why, what with all the dark hints of his other self seeping through in talk from anakin that's both cleverly written and neatly overlooked by the other characters. the future emperor's guidance in his jedi career is mentioned, and is definitely growing in power. jar jar binks has a small role, but he does manage to ensure the destruction of the republic. r2 and 3po have some of their best moments, and in mirroring 'empire strikes back' as everyone thought it would, this movie trashes 3po in ways nobody could have ever expected. the lightsaber dueling is also a lot like that in 'esb', with the brilliant christopher lee giving this movie what the last one lacked; a villain who is both active, and intelligent. though the lightsaber action was better choreographed in the last one, it means more here, as it did in the old trilogy. yoda gets his groove on, and shows why everybody calls him master. the action sequences, rather than being over-the-top, were necessary back story that should live up to fan expectations started by obi wan's episode 4 reminiscing, and the developments of the battle scenes are copious and gripping. the jedi are definitely on their way out, and you feel the darkness growing as they become mere faces in crowds of friendly clone troopers, who remind me of the aliens in V before you find out they're evil. last note; the guy who played jango fett did a kick ass job, and i expect to see a lot more of him as well. go to this moive and enjoy it: you won't see anything quite like it again (probably till episode 3).
5|1896|I didn't think I'd like this movie going in, but I actually really liked it. The special effects were great and the actors acted really well.
1|17194|I'd sooner take a fastball to the berries than see five minutes of this again.
1|5807|12 Angry Men made me sick.
5|13605|My friends told me it was a must-see, and they were right!
5|5428|One of the best movies ever made.
5|17463|this movie rocks, dude
5|3059|It was a great movie!!!!!!!! It makes you think morally and the twist at the end is great!!! They left it open for part 2. I love Mr.Farrel!!! He's the best!! And Mr.Sutherland is so so evil!!
5|18988|Not only the finest version of Frankenstein I've ever seen,this was probably also one of the best movies of any category.This version follows the story of Shelleys more closely and eschews cheap thrills and worn out cinematic tricks to elevate the story into the realm of psychology and philosophy- Without detracting from the spookiness one iota.Brilliant Cinematography,excellent acting (it took me awhile to recognize DeNiro!) and that certain something that really takes you there that so many movies sadly lack.A must see for any discerning connisseur of Quality Horror or Gothic themes.
5|4050|so sweet.... i love the spaghetti scene...
1|21340|Mariah Carey is in this movie and it absolutely sucks!
5|6647|Stupendous! They rarely make films of this caliber anymore.First rate acting,great cinematography and loads of atmosphere.
5|1128|Almost everyone has seen this movie. It is a legend. It was dramatic and suspenseful.
5|7559|Scandalous, heretical, and absolutely hilarious. John Cleese's turn as the Centurian correcting Brian's latin is priceless.
5|13177|It is rare for a sequel to be on par with its predecessor.
5|9560|One of the absolute funniest movies I have seen in some time. A MUST WATCH for any guy in the aftermath of a breakup.
1|21354|Wait a minute, is this for real? They actually made a sequel to 'Grease'? Frightening.
5|14618|This was a realistic movie about the HOOD! I used to live in the Hood and it brought back memories.
5|4044|I have always loved this sweet little tale about Lady the pampered cocker spaniel and Tramp the homeless mutt. their worlds were different until they came together when the nasty aunt who was babysitting {while Lady's owners were out of town}tried to put a collar on Lady. They ran away . the scene at the restaurant where they share a plate of spaghetti is precious. there are other dog characters too. Peg the dog the dog who has been around some humerous scenes some sad. Of course all ends well with a happy ending and a new home for Tramp.cute Disney I loved from my childhood and still enjoy.
5|2435|I've said it many times in my other reviews and sorry to regurgitate stale information, but I'm not a Michael Mann fan AT ALL. Hes done some really good work - Ali - and some work that was good, but I found hard to appreciate - The Insider and Heat, but after watching Collateral I had a strange appreciation for Michael Mann as a director and his past work. He worked all three main characters - Tom Cruise, Jamie Foxx and Jada Pinkett-Smith - HARD. I know there are a few reviewers on this site that don't think highly of Tom Cruise as an actor, but when he makes films like these you often wonder what more is he capable of doing. He made his character Vincent very humane by showing he had a conscience. This has to be one of Cruise's best performances along with Jerry Maguire, Magnolia and Born on the Fourth of July. This film was well written, superbly directed and for once I actually believed some of Hollywoods finest A-Listers in the $30million bracket when they looked scared in a movie. If you like thrillers your going to love this film and even if you don't its well worth seeing.
5|18022|I love Carrie. However, I am disturbed by what she had to go through. Carrie White is a tormented and made fun of high school girl. People throw tampons at her. The walls are spray painted with the nasty words Carrie White Eats Sh*t! And no one seems to even care that this girl is being unfairly treated. Not even this girl's mother. Unbeknownst to them, Carrie has telekinesis. Basically, in simpler words, She's going to kill them. And they're going to die a very gory death. What I like about this film is that it does not justify or promote what Carrie or her tormenters do. Every bad thing the characters do come back to haunt them. And unfortunatley, Most of them suffer at the hands of Carrie. But in a way, We can't really blame her. The girl gets viciously abused at home, thrown coffee on, shoved, pelted with tampons, and told to eat sh*t every day. So it's no wonder why she strikes back at these ruthless tormentors. It may not be right, but we can sympathize with her for the hell she endured. 
5|10318|My best friend and I love this movie!!! We've seen this movie a lot and every time we laugh at it really enjoy it! But I have to admit, I like the sequal better(Ace Ventura When Nature Calls)
5|17477|This movie touches on some of the superstitions, mores, and other mystic values that some cultures have associated with food. It talks about passion, desire, and love, all repressed then released. I loved this movie. However, those of you who are unfamiliar w/foreign cinema may not appreciate it as much. 
5|2353|I absolutely love Brian DePalma's directing. I also liked it because it wasn't all about the action scene. It was about backstabs and meticuously laid out plans that worked to a tee. It also was a good spy movie that wasn't like Bond. Bond is good, but there is only one Bond, not to be imitated, and the writers of this movie obviously recognized that. Now the second one, I couldn't tell if I was watching M:I2 or a new Bond movie.
5|15260|best biopic of the year and return to form for Polanski Hope it wins something on Oscar night. Moving yet chilling Incredible!
5|13611|This is the loveliest film I've seen in a long time. A poetic testament to what is real in every human heart. Kevin Spacey is wonderful as always, and Chris Cooper, who doesn't get enough work in films, is also excellent. Keep an eye on Wes Bentley. This kid is going to be major.
5|6135|What seems to be a rather simple film turns out to be very complex with nuances one does not catch on the initial viewing. Scholars have studied and written about this film directed by Max Ophuls and agree it is probably the best woman's picture ever to come out of Hollywood, though most people think it is an European film rather than American. Joan Fontaine gives a stunning performance as Lisa and Louis Jourdan is equally fine as Stefan. It is one of Amazon.coms essential films.
1|21432|I would like to strangle my parents for making me watch this as much as I'd like to strangle my friends for forcing me to watch the NEW ones (even if they did pay). You sit through these Staar Wars movie, you loose interest, you think about anything but the movie, trying not to fall asleep.
5|5414|One of the very best. I watch it almost every year and never seem to get tired of its hopeful message.
5|7203|If you don't like base humour - then this isn't for you. The first time I saw this film I was in absolute stitches and it never fails to crack my up. I don't know what the college scene is like in America, but if its like this then I'd love to go over and have a peek. My favouritw scene has to be when Bluto is in the cafeteria piling food onto his tray - he actually stuffs a whole hamburger into his mouth! And when he sits down a girl says That boy is a P.I.G His response is to put some white ice cream into his mouth and says guess what I am now hits his cheeks so its sprays out of his mouth and says a zit then proceeds to start a food fight. An absolutely fantastic film which is definately a cult classic (it was also the first film Kevin Bacon starred in) 
5|12527|Very, very solid movie. Jack Black was surprisingly good in this one. The special effects are mind blowing. Peter Jackson hits one over the fence again! My one question would be, "What is with the sleeveless dress, in December, in New york city at the top of the Empire State Building?" The girl is unphased and can climb ladders in that kind of weather?
5|8130|One of the funniest movies I think I've ever seen. C'mon, who isn't tickled by the idea of a lawyer who not only can't lie, but can't ask questions which they know will be answered with a lie? Imagine what that would do to our legal system....One of Jim Carrey's better movies.
1|3292|Just like part one, all special effects and all Tom's nose. Nothing more & nothing less..
5|15248|Good Morning Vietnam is a really good movie. Robin Williams does a really good job. I personally enjoy war movies, even though I don't enjoy war. It's kind of nice to see the truth and realize what really goes on. Robin Williams is also a great comedian.
5|13639|My 2nd favorite movie of all time. A must see movie? -Scarface 
5|9548|swingers is one of my favorite movies of all time. in college, this was our drinking movies. i agree with the other viewers who say this is a movie males would like. i've seen it with a few girls, and only one like it, but with my friends, we've seen it at least ten times and laugh at the same part all the time. it isn't a movie that is a laugh minute, but its one where you can relate. also, you will have the vocabulary in your head for weeks.
5|14630|Now I have seen a lot of movies but this by far is my favorite I love it. I can not wait until I go to the movie store next time because I am buying this on dvd. If you havent seen this Here is a HELPFUL hint see the movie it is amazingly greatness clint eastwood at his best.
1|5185|I thought this movie was going to be like Pirates of the Caribeean. Boy was I wrong! This movie was not scary and unfunny. I got sick of the dead people joke. The only good thing about this movie was Madame Leota. Take my advice and skip this movie.
5|1114|Al Pacino is a god! the cussing was a little excessive but I like the way they talk like normal people. the last scene made the movie.
5|22382|What is to be said about a movie that frightened me back in 70s and still can do so today? I'll get straight to the point of why this movie worked so perfectly, whereas the sequels (the exception being Aliens) did not. You actually get to know, and to like the characters. Director Ridley Scott allows you to get acquainted with the 7 crewmembers. We get to see them carry on conversations and interact with each other for nearly 40 minutes. We see them awaken, eat, and work together. We see humor and tension as they socialize. Then we see them exterminated one by one by a barely-seen presence known as the Alien. We see the pain and hear the dying gasps of Kane who unwillingly became the alien host. We see Brett helplessly carried away into a ventilation shaft, and Dallas without a chance to react in a dark narrow airvent. We see Ash the robot betray the crew with their very lives on a heartless Company order. We see Parker beg Lambert to get away as he sacrifices himself. We hear Lambert cry and scream in shock and pain. We hold our breath with Ripley as she trembles at the sight of the Alien in her shuttle. All of this works not only because we know and like this cast of characters but because we only see glimpses of the Alien, a biomechanical design out of the psyche of H.R. Giger. Ridley Scott was smart to only show glimpses of the nightmarish creature. It leaves the audience with a gaping void left to the imagination. Add the beautiful, eerie music by Jerry Goldsmith, along with a great screenplay and you've got the perfect formula for a classic horror sci-fi movie that has held its own for 20 years and will continue to do so.
5|7565|One of the funniest films of all time..never once have i not laughed. and dont forget.. HE IS NOT THE MESSIAH,HE`S A VERY NAUGHTY BOY 
5|8656|Love this movie, the chemistry between Deniro and Grodin is great. It's funny, action packed, and the ending couldn't have been better. This one's in my collection. Rent it.
5|11748|This is among the most underrated comedies of all time. This was a LOL riot all the way through. When they're not too busy partying off camera, Norm Macdonald and Ardie Lange can be comedic geniuses (SNL, MADTV, Howard Stern Show). ONce you get to the bar scene, the laughter never ends.
5|20595|This one is a classic for a good reason. The choreography, music and acting are all excellent. It's easy to put yourself in this musical.
1|914|Just can't watch rubber sharks.......
5|17339|This is probably one of the best French movies done in a long time. It's about this impish-looking little waitress who does something very kind for someone and then is infected by the feeling and decides to do more good thing for others. She also seeks the love of some stranger, and that sublot is creatively woven into the fabric of the movie and equally entertaining. It's funny and comforts the soul.
5|5372|norma norma norma
5|21853|One great movie, great actors, lovely story
5|4078|I love cartoons, so this movie did it all. It had comedy, drama, and the toys actually had emotion. I hope Toy Story 3 is in the makes. Disney has done it again with their magic because of this film.
5|19300|Many offer Halloween as the classic against which all stalker movies should be compared, but four years earlier, Black Christmas, a minor but exemplary effort succeeded in being far creepier, and avoided many of the former's failings. The telephone scenes are unnerving, the killer truly scary, and the ending is superlative, with a terrifying coda. It strains credulity sometimes, but the terrific use of setting, especially the snowbound Canadian campus, and the admirable character development (so it's not Anna Karenina; how many horror films actually give attention to the minor characters?) make for a highly recommended, as well as historically important, terror film. Olivia Hussey gives a standout performance, Margot Kidder steals her scenes, and Andrea Martin makes an impact in a non-comedic role. Definitely outshines its knockoffs.
5|16033|Drama-wise, I thought it was better than the musical version.
5|20581|The direction is a bit disjointed. Partly due to the method in which the movie is told. Scheider is fantastic. Great music and the type of story you just don't see very often.
5|21847|It wasn't the best of the series, but still deserves a 5.
5|5366|Crisp dialogue, strong performances by everybody (leads, supporting cast and bit players), competent direction. Worth seeing a few times. The sequels are nothing special however.
1|5191|Here are some of the crude references in this movie: -An acronym for the word S. H. I. T. -The Cat picks up a hoe in the yard and says, "You dirty hoe!" -The Cat makes a reference to an erection when he looks at the kids' mom's photo -The Cat chops off his tail (there's no blood) and he screams, SON OF A (it is bleeped out) I never smiled during this movie. And I certainly never laughed. It is offensive and crude, but it is not funny. And it is BORING. Do not see this film. And do not under any circumstances let children see this movie, or their childhood memories of The Cat in the Hat will be shattered before their eyes. 
5|1100|Say hello to my little friend! A little coke goes a long way, Tony. TO HATTER: okay, so it was alot of coke!
5|8642|This movie is a complete classic. Grodin and Deniro are completely hillarious together!
5|7217|The greatest of all comedies. I must have seen this one 20 times, and it still cracks me up. Every seen is a classic. Belushi at his best.
5|12533|Good movie, funny, yet clean, Will Ferrell is great. He is probably one of the best up and coming actors right now.
5|6109|I would put Ben-Hur in my top 15. The movie was incredible, particularly the chariot race and the scene with the slaves rowing the ship faster and faster. However, I did not like the ending. I feel that the end (spoiler coming up) made a pro-religious statement. By curing everyone, the movie said that Jesus was the son of God and could magically cure people. Before this, the movie portrayed Jesus as a great guy but did not make a religious statement. At the latest, I would have ended the film, if I were William Wyler, when Judah gave water to Jesus. That was a powerful moment.
1|2198|How could they do this to Dumas? Awful, awful adaptation. Read the book instead.
5|5400|Anyone who isn't touched by this movie would have made a great Mr. Potter, without even acting.
5|18778|The frist time I saw this movie was in the theatres with two girls...I was scared outta my mind! But now I laugh soo hard when ever I watch it! I love horror movies and this was soo great...oh and watch it again its pretty funny to make fun of...! LOVE IT!
5|3071|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. I didn't know how they were going to pull off a movie where the whole thing was in a phone booth. But it definitely gets two thumbs up.
1|23219|Some how they managed to make a more uninteresting movie than the first, amazing! How anyone could enjoy this bothers the hell out of me, nothing personal though, to each his own, but I really hate Harry Pothead because the movie felt like a bad acid trip. And to Piper Norman: Yes, yes he is.
5|21476|The greatest movie ever made! I love this movie! Any and all Star Wars movies are the best! You have to love this great space saga. The idea of the light sabers and the Jedi, and the use of the all-powerful force is brilliant. George Lucas is the man.
5|7940|A really really good film. In my opinion its not really a comedy because there are few out and out laughs in it, except for Chris Elliott. But its a fantasy, where Murray has to repeat the same day over and over again until he becomes a better person. And it takes him quite a while to do that. Its an enjoyable ride to watch him change, little by little.
5|23261|This gets a 5 just for the animation,some of the best ever... and HAND done, with all of the variations within that computer animation just can't seem to capture. The story is a bit cheesy, and just ment to link the animated stories together, but it's still one of my favorites.
5|6486|This 1952 film was one of the first to seriously tackle such issues as alcoholism and codependency in a personal way, but never in an overtly preachy or doctinaire manner. Shirley Booth won a well-deserved Oscar for her charming portrayal in this bittersweet classic, and Burt Landcaster gives a credible, noteworthy performance as her aging, jaded, battle-worn husband. Recommended.
5|7798|One of the...if not the best Adam Sandler movie!
5|23507|A classic movie. Similiar to the original but I would not call this a remake. The plot borrows from the original story with regard to location and an alien discovery but the similiarities stop there. This move is a powerful combination of frightening events with some gore mixed in and expert handling of suspense and drama. Entertaining and engaging from beginning to end. The acting is very admirable and the ending is magnificent. One of Carpenters best efforts. A must see.
5|12902|one of the best drama movies ever
5|18591|now this is funny. when i 1st saw it i was laughin a whole lot. the series has always managed to make me laugh. i showed this movie to an old friend of mine and i don't see why but it really bothered her. and the ring didn't bother her. i wonder what they were thinkin when they had the tree branch rape scene. another classic moment we will all remember.
5|673|This is a great movie. The surrealistic point of view showcases the physical and psychological brutality of the Vietnam war. Stanley Kubrick displays a gallery of motley characters and soldiers, prostitutes, and a fanatical drill sergeant, all backed up by a wonderful soundtrack.
5|2186|Excellent sequel, superior to the original in every way.
1|1678|The plot was horrible and the special affects too unbelievable. The acting did not help much either, especially the males (Chou Yung Fat or such)
5|2192|I love this movie. It is totally funny. There is a love story and it is action packed. It covered the three main things that I like to see in movies.
5|12916|I LOVE this movie, its my favorite movie of all time.
1|11730|After seeing Bring it On, I couldn't imagine a teen movie being any worse. I was proven wrong by this dreck. I honestly don't think I laughed a single time in this horrible movie. Too much profanity, disrespectful attitudes, sterotypes, illegal acts being glorfied and in the end, well, it shouldn't have ended that way. This is why I tape high-quality TV (Frasier, Cosby Show, Happy Days) more than modern comedy movies. For a movie called Sugar Spice, there isn't much sweet about this movie.
5|6492|An excellent film with some powerful, heart-wrenching performances. Four Nazi judges are on trial for using their court for Nazi atrocities. The question becomes should they be held accountable? A superb cast which include Spencer Tracy, Maximmilian Schell, Burt Lancaster, Richard Widmark, Montgomery Clift, Judy Garland and Marlene Dietrich. Clift is absolutely heartwrenching as the victim of sterilization, and gives one of the best performances of his career. Garland also is amazing. Schell rightly deserved the Academy Award for his powerhouse performance as the defense attorney.
5|21462|Excellent sci-fi drama! Although Lucas borrowed heavily from a number of different Toho/Kurosawa films, he put together the ideas to make something truly astonishing. Although I consider Empire Strikes Back to be the best in the entire series, Star Wars would have to come in close second. And besides, any of the Star Wars movies is FAR better than The Matrix!
1|23782|Terrible, horrible, disgusting. It's a pity to see how the money is spent on this way.
5|101|By far the best of the Hannibal trilogy of movies. Anthony Hopkins, Jodie Foster and the entire cast work so well together. This movie did the book justice. Creepy, sadistic, thrilling. A Classic!
1|10360|I hate it. YOu think it's funny, while it's not. It's not good funny, it is sick funny, and it kinda freaks me out and I hate the stupid movie. It can die.
5|22143|Everyone likes the Matrix, it relates to the underground of computing. Male/Female, it doesn't matter, but Keanu Reeves can't act. The special effects are cool, and it makes a cool rental.
1|7553|And I thought Holy Grail was bad. Really unfunny.
5|2804|Too funny, action scenes were off the hook, cannot wait for a part three. I love Will Smith and Martin Lawrence...bad boys, bad boys, what you gonna do...-GO SEE IT, IT IS WORTH THE MONEY. -victrolalights- 
5|11589|I loved this movie, cute and funny. Ashley Judd & Hugh Jackman had great chemistry...
1|1644|Flying???? What next??
5|897|this was an excellent movie !!
5|16580|intresting storyline and denzel and eithan hawke both did good in this movie.
1|21817|Despite an excellent performance by Ian McKellan, the film is a waste of time, and offers nothing. McKellan is wasted with only 20 minutes screen time, and the entire movie is one big boxing match. There is not one interesting moment in this film.
1|12205|I had to be dragged into the theater to see this one. I wasn't expecting a cinematic masterpiece or anything, but did it HAVE to be that painfully bad? The first one was better (and that's not saying much, obviously). The jokes were lame (again, not that I was expecting much), the storyline was terrible, it was just BAD. The movie lives up to its title all right, so I guess it's not false advertising, at least.
5|17852|I was so appalled by this movie because Jack Nicholson is my favorite actor. He did such a great job with this movie. I really enjoyed the whole plot of the movie, and the thought of a house doing this to a caretaker is kind of eerie.
5|883|This movie is great! It has a good concept, and it keeps you interested until the end. I had to watch it twice to get the concept.
5|5819|A visualy stunning film ! A wonderfully entertaining film. I never tire of seeing this film - there is always something new that you discover with every new viewing. Thats the hallmark of a great film !
5|20998|This was one of the best movies ever made! The dancing was great & the soundtrack was awesome.
5|10683|fairuza balk and adam sandler rule
5|20740|At least this movie didn't take itself too seriously.It was fun as a teenager to see it at midnight a few times.Can't see watching it hunderds of times,though!
5|15710|One of my favorites. A remarkable movie.. full of emotions.
5|7983|very funny, amusing ...lovely film and cast
5|6445|As others have previously stated, this film's strength lies in its unique, quirky, outside-the box originality. There is simply no other western quite like it, as it stretches the genre in directions it seldom ever ventures. Perhaps this is why the film was/is such a hit in France - there is even a French website dedicated to the film. The AMC channel also broadcasts Johnny Guitar about once or twice a year, and I highly recommend watching it for Peggy Lee's haunting title soundtrack alone. Joan Crawford portrays a pre-feminist-femme-fatale, who if necessary, can trade verbal jabs or bullets with any man or woman who crosses her. Certainly not your typical 1950's fare, which is one more reason to check it out.
5|13361|What a neat movie. Tom Hanks did a terrific job as Forrest Gump a man who does not have a lot of smarts but a huge heart. I loved how events of his life tied in with meeting about four presidents. Forrest has always loved Jenny since childhood they grew up best friends. Their lives take different paths.Forrest succeeds in everything he does, he is the best runner on the football team, He was a hero during the vietnam war, He ran a shrimping busy in honor of his friend Bubba and ending up being a millionaire.etc. He met presidents and was awarded by them for different reasons many times. The movie has a lot of great special effects. putting Tom Hanks in films with real presidents, Making it appear That Dan had no legs. I like the fact that a a person like Forrest who is not very smart but a very kind caring person.falls upon success in everything he does yet money and fame mean little to him just finding Jenny[who had fallen on bad times} and being with her is what is important,I loved how he was a devoted friend, to Jenny, his mom. Bubba, and DAn.A little bit too long but a great movie.
1|8847|Yet another cardboard cut-out, let's go smoke pot and get high, teenage sex, humorless flick. This movie was not at all entertaining and wasn't worth the price of the rental.
5|10668|Great ensemble cast and a bevy of rememberable lines. Could you have named the Colts unform's original colors.
5|4252|Quite possibly the best Disney animated masterpiece ever, although it's still a toss-up between this, Snow White, Fantasia, Bambi, and 101 Dalmations.
5|20973|I love this movie! I have watched this movie tons of times and will watch it tons more. It is my all-time favorite movie!
5|11210|This movie is one of the best comedies out today. Jack Black is one of the funniest actors out there.
5|4534|Very funny. I enjoyed this flick. Terrific for babysitting. . .
5|18552|Scared the crap out of me as a kid and only gets better now that I'm an adult.I loved CarolAnne!
5|6323|After watching this empowering film you will probably catch yourself whistling to Elmer Bernstein's theme to the movie.
5|13407|One of the greatest, most influential movie I've ever seen in my life. Inspirational to anyone and everyone. I really enjoyed it 'cause it shows what a person's potential is if they try and never give up.
5|9010|Woody is the greatest
5|15076|Excellent re-enactment of what really occurred within the time period. The timeline was accurate and the actors were great. Kevin Costner was also a great lawyer and investigator.
5|6337|If you're human, this movie will move your heart and make you think. The combination of excellent acting and a realistic script will lead you to consider what happens to those who personally pay the price of freeedom.
5|9004|I just happened on Annie Hall last night. It's been a long time since I've seen it and each time I do I find it more incredibly funny and wry lines from Woody Allen. Woody Allen is a genuis with a lot of his movies, but this has to be one of the best.
5|13413|It is a really, really funny movie. I've watched this movie twice. It means a lot that he worked so hard to keep his friend's promise.
5|1458|This film has a great story AND its brilliantly violent and bloody. This movie is one of the best in action movies (well of all the ones ive seen.) Its not for everyone..so for all those people rating ones and twos....you suck.
5|15062|Oliver Stone presents a great case. If there was no conspiracy then why is the evidence set to be released in 25 years? The warren commision is a joke and this movie shows that.
5|7029|This is one of my favorite movies. It has comedy, teen rebellion, a nice car and an ideal day. The actors are perfect for their roles, and pull them off flawlessly.
5|4520|One of my all time favorite movies. Hayley Mills is a lot better in this one then Lindsay Lohan is in the new one...... it is a classeic and Hayley Mills is a really good actress. I love the classic Parent Trap.
1|24748|Abominable version of the H.G. Wells tale, markedly inferior to the '77 version with Burt Lancaster or the one made in the 30's. Off the top of my head, I'd have to say that this was Brando's absolute worst film.
5|2151|I thought it was a great 70's movie. Good actors and who can forget Shelley Winters!
5|18220|I don't care how absurd this movie is. Bruce Campbell (Ash) became real popular this one. Those giving this one or two stars are way too serious. Its really amazing that of the 21 ratings, this RainbowStar character is the only person giving this classic a poor rating. Yet she praises that stupid Fright Night movie. Go figure....And she's rating this movie twice which is against RIA policy. The idiot should read the rules.
5|2637|What a great movie! So much suspense and various storylines woven through it all. Excellent acting by all. Golden Globe to Susan Flannery.
5|15704|Another good drama from Robin Williams. In this movie he has to deal with his kid's deaths, his wife's death and his own. He sets out to save his wife from hell. During the process, he learns more about himself and his kids on the way to finding and bringing back his wife.
5|7997|Very funny movie!! Robin Williams was great in it. He was in a role he was perfectly suited for. It was sad and funny at the same time, a movie is rarely like that. Good happy ending as well to boot. The cooking scene where Mrs. Doubtfire orders out food after burning her plastic old lady suit was the funniest scene in the movie.
1|11095|This is one of the most irritating movie ever. I think Jim Carrey need not to act crazy and get the attention of all viewers.
5|6451|Not bad for a movie they stole from the Japanese. Originally based on a Japanese film called SEVEN SAMURI, the MAGNIFICENT SEVEN tells the tail of seven hired guns who chase the bad guys away from a mexican town. A better western would be hard to find. From the inspiring music of the opening credits, to the last bullet falss, it's high adventure all the way. Not only one of the best westerns ever made, it's one of the best movies ever made. Unfortunatly, they made some pretty dismal sequeals, but the original still stands as a great movie. I watch it nearly every time it is shown on the tube, which ain't often enough!
5|20797|Julie Andrews in her cross-drssing performance is delighfully funny and fresh. Good score too!
5|18208|Ok like seriously i dont think anybody will ever know how much this movie made me pee my pants. It is by far the scariest movie I have ever seen and probably will be THE scariest movie I ever watch my whole entire life. The acting was amazing. It might have been slightly more effective if Jessica Biel was wearing a different top but it was still fine. This movie didn't have the same critera as most modern horror movies these days do. There was no nudity, no comedy, and barely any glimpse of hope. Some of the main characters do die and you actually feel sad. Biel ends up all by herself with the little farm boy that she kidnapped. It could have potiental for a second one it would be really ridiculously scary but the story would be ruined. This isn't just the best horror movie I have ever seen its the best movie period. I just love it in movies when they have a song for the killing parts because it just makes it gracefull in a way and scarier somehow. Oh another thing chainsaws are actually really scary and im sure theres some twisted person out there some where that hurts animals or people with it. I just think that they should have added way way way more special features for people who are completly interested in the movie and the real story. They should have decifered which of the black and white footage at the beginning and end of the movie was real. Im pretty sure that the part with the only known footage of Thomas Hewitt (Leatherface) was real. In a way i hope not but in another way it would be hella scary. I love scary movies and nobody will ever know how amazing this movie was to me. Another thing don't ya just love that sound that the movie makes on occasion (the old fashion camera clicking I think or something like that) just haunts me all the time. One of the scariest parts is when one of the guys is running through the sheets that would scare the crap out of me. Also when Biel is in the butcher shop with the cows is scary. It must suck when you are hiding or running for your life with dead cows or sheets. Another thing WHY is absolutly everbody in the Travis County so insane and twisted up its just soooo crazzy. I wish somebody would give me the complete down low of the REAL Texas Chainsaw Massacre and the REAL Thomas Hewitt. Thanks for your time everyone and Thanks for making a movie this hella scary it changed my life (I'll never look at chainsaws ever again)
5|21489|This could be the greatest science fiction movie of all time. I think that anyone who hasn't seen it must.
5|22180|Matrix is the best martial arts scifi film. It has a complex story that makes you think. I can't wait till the sequel because the stop motion effects from the first one has me thinking about what's next.
5|1316|An awesome movie by the don of avant-garde, Mr Quentin Tarrantino. I do adore spaghetti westerns and martial arts movies (as does Tarrantino) and this film was a little of a tribute to both (Even a few of the songs are by the western composer Ennio Morricone!). David Carradine is of course a star from a multitude of cheesy martial arts movies and yet his performance in this movie is enigmatic, measured, intimidating but with a sentimentality that makes one empathize with him (which adds spice to the Bride's ongoing fued with him, which is far more emotional then physical). Uma Thurman is powerful in this movie, of course she doesn't look glamourous at any time during the film, often she looks dirty, sweaty, frazzled, wounded and storied which is exactly the type of raw uncompromising image her character is meant to convey, so I say Bravo! It requires patience to view and fully appreciate this movie. This is the film's greatest strength and it's greatest weakness. The scenes meant to gradually build up tension and the ones containing oodles of esoteric dialogue will bore some but fascinate fans of Tarrantino's style. A ponderous nature and originality is something lacking in Hollywood these days and this film supplies it in bundles which is what I say makes this and all of QT's films rise above the rest.
5|24297|LOVED IT!!! As the final installment in the Matrix trilogy, it was a perfect ending to an awesome story! You definitely get your money's worth when you go to see this flick (which is hard these days with the cost of movies). The final scene is overwhelmingly good and the deep philosophical plot is in full-form. The best trilogy ever made...a real cinematic accomplishment that I'm proud to brag about!
5|1470|best movie ever quentin out did himself 
1|3090|just awful..enough said
5|4508|Beautifully crafted movie. Tearjerker at the end. Great animation. Disney classic.
5|854|I did not expect to like this movie (having seen the advertisement on TV which looked hokey) but I loved it. I thought it was gripping, scary, and not too gross or violent.I would warn that it is scary enough that I would hesitate to bring a child of any age to it.
5|16543|Defined the times. Great flick.
5|2179|Action, Mystery, comedy all wrapped into one. I consider this a classic.
5|5616|This is a wonderful movie filled with suspense. I watch it every chance I get. Jimmy Stewart plays a great role.
1|1687|awful its in chineese or japanees whatever the hell that is its horrible who the hell makes a movie in freacking chinees this is america we speak english!!!!!!
5|17891|There is nit enough stars in the night sky to rate this movie. Pure Horror. And I know horror.
5|14340|I think this movie is really cute and touching. The friendship between them was really beautiful.
5|12731|I believe if eveyone saw this movie, the country would be a better place. This movie truly made me think! Everyone should see this movie!
5|7015|Great movie and a lot of spice added with Matthew Broderick.
5|8440|Better than the original, which is rare. This movie knocked my socks off when I saw it in theaters. It is one of my favorites.
5|7773|YOUR GUNA DIE CLOWN!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
1|20274|This was OK the first 529 times I watched it, but after that, it got kinda boring. Anyway, now that I am grown up, I prefer more serious movies, like Hellraiser III.
5|1302|This is easily the best movie ever. good action, story, and overall its awesome.
5|13349|Graphic but accurate!
5|20783|This holiday classic rocks! Who wouldn't agree that this Bing Crosby classic is one of the best ever music movies. The songs are great and timeless. The acting in the film is superb. The great thing about White Christmas is that it is one of those movies that all ages can enjoy.
5|10898|Dreyfus at his best 
5|18383|Behind The Exorcist this is the freakiest movie I have EVER seen!!! After the cat dies and then the kid, he plants them into the Indian Ground and they come back as not alive just EVIL... FREAKY!!!
5|10907|Another movie with a very weak script. Thank God they cast Drew Barrymore as the leading lady to save the day.....she made this movie into a classic already....a great comedy-romance that I enjoy watching on rainy afternoons....
5|21502|Star Wars is unprecedented in it's time and it rocks!!
5|23473|The best movie EVER!!
5|12876|The only reason this movie did not win the BEST MOVIE Oscar was because it was released the same year as FOREST GUMP. Tough competition. I may not agree with Tim Robbins politics but he sure is one hell of a good actor. Morgan Freeman is one of the all time greats. Morgan Freeman's son is also in this movie. He played one of the cons yelling at the new arrivals near the bigining of the film. He was the one acting like he a had a fishing rod. In the Novella APT PUPIL (also by Stephen King) it is mentioned that Andy Dufrense handled the stocks for the lead charector in the story. Nice to see a little continuty in King's work.
1|17221|I SO wish there was a rating below one star. My kind husband brought this movie home to me after I mentioned I would like to see it. I was looking forward to snuggling in early and watching some of my favorite actors and actresses. I was also looking forward to laughing a great deal. Suffice it to say the movie was a complete joke, one that was not funny in the least, however. I have no idea who talked these skilled actors into participating in this movie, but they should have given their salaries back to pay the production company to burn the film. It's not worth renting, trust me.
1|11888|Just awful! Has Danny DeVito ever made a satisfying movie? Characters totally unbelievable, and Robin (who I like) having a total character reversal at the end after going in circles throughout the whole movie ( I'll kill him! I'll kill him! Oh, now I love him! Pleeeze!) Liked Norton, but what was the deal with Jon Stewart? And what's the point of all the vulgarity? I'm not a prude, but it's not funny anymore. And any 'comedy' that you can count the number of laughs (two) has a problem. Not even worthy of Blockbusters leftover table.
1|24833|This horrid, early 80's fantasy/ sci-fi flick, that I think was a foreign film made in Italy or something, has to stand as one of the worst films of that genre. So bad it's almost, almost watchable in a self tormenting sort of way. It's utterly dreadful, but at least it's better than Battlefield Earth. Slightly reminiscent of Beastmaster, but twenty times worse, and, to sort of recall Dennis Miller's joke about HBO, twenty times as likely to be on HBO or Preview around the clock circa 1983, if you can believe it.
5|707|I think The Fugitive is a great movie. I don't like the TV shows though.
5|5951|There s never been such an acid and wicked attack against hollywood.
1|24827|I haven't read the book, but this was THE worst sci-fi movie I have EVER seen. Even though the special effects were pretty good, the story was SO bad, that it's not even worth going to the movies for the effects. It's simply bad.
5|19937|I personally thought that the movie was really good. It was so intense. I can't see how a movie based on such a great book by Stephen King could be bad. The acting was very decent I thought. And one of the things that made the movie so great is the fact that it is scary, funny, intense and dramatic all at the same time. The special effects were really good and didn't seem like a multiplication (unlike Matrix Reloaded). Overall, I think that Dreamcatcher is totally worth seeing (in spite of what Callmetootie might say)
5|12862|One of the few perfect films I've seen. Absolutely flawless.
1|21787|The movie was pretty good. I'm only giving this movie a terrible rating, because I feel that it should be below The Matrix: Reloaded most definitely.
5|6280| 
1|17235|The most stereotypical drawn out, movie ever. This was worst than a Master P movie.
5|22779|I loved the movie. It was a warm hearted, caring movie about a stranger from another planet wanting to go home. Drew Barrymore was great in the movie.
1|5218|I actually like some of the Pokemon movies and recently I was very dissapointed in Yu-Gi-Oh the movie DAMNIT 4kids entertainment. WHY DIDNT YOU LEAVE YU-GI-OH THE WAY IT WAS. Anyway I don't like digimon to begin with and so I don't like this movie. It just sucks and it really is a Pokemon except without decent animation and at least some entertainment. The Digimon Movie is so bad it should'nt even have a rating. But I cant not give it a rating so I'll be nice and give it a 1.
5|23301|it's an even numbered trek movie, so it must be good. that's out of the way. the borg are an excellent, frightening villain, though the borg queen might have been more impressive. first contact with the vulcans on earth was a top ten trek moment. zephrom cochran sure looks different than he did in the original series, but who's paying attention. you have got to admit that the moments where picard gets accused of having an ahab thing for the borg, and when he calls worf a coward were exceptionally cool and well scripted. same as when worf responds by telling him if you were any other man i would kill you where you stand , and the eventual apology in which picard tells worf he's the bravest man he's ever known. data also makes good. the battle for the deflector dish was extremely interesting: i love how worf uses a borg's arm to seal a leak in his space suit. great effects, too.
5|18397|It was the scariest movie I ever saw. It had a totally original idea which still scares me to this day. Very good cast as well. That old man was really creepy.
5|2780|I thought that this movie was the best. I love Drew Barrymore, and Cameron Diaz wasn't too bad. My mom surprised me by taking me, and I would have goen to see it anyday then going bowling with my friends. It was so cool, and Natalie (Cameron Diaz) just loved to shake her butt in her spiderman underwear.
5|16|Snakes aren't that scary, are they? anyhow, i loved it. it's my second favorite so far. 
1|10214|Wait a minute....this is supposed to be a comedy? I didn't laugh a single time throughout this movie. In fact, I don't think any of the others I was with did either. The actual film it took to make this movie would have been better spent taping me scratch myself. Who produces this kind of trash?
5|9825|Every teenage boy's fantasy.
5|22037|This is one intense movie. Sigourney Weaver takes on the creatures again and again, and you are on the edge of your seat the whole time. There are some flat out scary moments in here too.
1|18890|Really, really bad film. The older it gets the dumber it seems.
5|2970|Anthony Hopkins is as brilliant as ever. Very nerve-wrecking and scary. Some people want more action it it, but I thought the action level was just fine. There wasn't any need for any more. I think a movie should only have meaningful action. I digress... The movie was great, and it could have been a tad better, but it's just fine the way it is. I, myself, thought it was a VERY good movie, and I think everyone should atleast TRY to be an optimist instead of a pessimist when rating the movie.
5|16392|One of the coolest movies I've ever seen. I'm hooked on it! It was sexy, dark, and a bit confusing. I didn't get it the first time I saw it, but when I watched it more and more, it became a little bit clearer, but not crystal clear. I am still a little bit unsure in some parts. It's a movie that will keep you guessing, that's for sure. Naomi Watts and Laura Elena Harring are both very beautiful, too. I think it was so sad when Diane shot herself. That was so tragic. Lynch is stellar!! This is one of his great works.
5|17932|The Exorcist is, definitly, one of the most fantastic films I've ever seen. The faith in the devil. And the faith to someone can chase away him. In its resolute presentation of strange fenomenon and strong lenguaje, The Exorcist can be a frightful experience. But its trip through the long and dark soul's night, relates a mighty message of courage and desire in the face of inexplicable forces, apparently out of our control .
1|19230|Has to be one of the worst horror films ever made.
5|8285|Great freaking movie! Everytime I hear Hey these blow up into funny shapes at all? Well, no not unless round is funny I tell ya I just can't help but laugh. Or Alright you hayseeds it's a stickup! Everybody freeze. Everybody down on the ground. (Long pause) Hayseed: Well, which is it Young Feller? You want I should freeze or get down on the ground? I mean to say, if'n I freeze I can't rightly drop. And if'n I drop, I'm gonna be in motion. Y'see... Shut up! Hayseed: Ok then. 
5|12692|"Trekkies" is a rather endearing portrait of Star Trek fandom. Pretty much as you'd expect, this means lots of interviews with omnipresently costumed obsessives whose living rooms perfectly resemble the bridge of the Enterprise. However, the most entertaining reflections on the Trek fandom come from the experiences of the Star Trek actors themselves. Brent Spiner and Denise Crosby comment on spookily realistic naked portraits of themselves sent by fans, John De Lancie recounts people confronting him on the street to ask if he can really resurrect the dead and Nichelle Nichols talks of how a young girl once saw her on television at a time when black actresses in important roles were virtually non-existent, and was inspired to pursue an acting career herself. That girl's name was Whoopi Goldberg. It's feel-good stories like this that make the film so pleasant. Star Trek, whilst being merely a popular television franchise, has always espoused fundamentally good moral messages like sexual and racial equality, acceptance of diversity and the ideal of working for the purpose of fulfillment rather than simple monetary gain. Though often satirical, the film basically presents the idea that Trekkies have absorbed from Star Trek, amongst an advanced knowledge of Klingon linguistics and a penchant for wearing pointy ears, some pretty good axioms to live by. 
5|24334|WOW wonderful movie was pure enjoyment to watch and as all ways S. C. was at he's best.
5|13598|This is an awesome movie. It was thought provoking and not too predictable. You need to see it to understand.
5|12686|The truth is a breath of fresh air, in a liberal lies ifested environment. Great docomentary!!!
5|8291|Hehe. Buddy Jesus.
1|17209|The constant flashbacks were annoying and unclear. I mean, after jumping back and forth through time I find myself putting the pieces together since it seemed as though all of the scenes were just slapped together. The ending was predictable after realizing that only Katie Holmes sees the bad guy. After watching this movie from beginning to end I wished that Katie Holmes had hit ME over the head with a rock and left me for dead.
5|22745|An excellent movie. The graphics are incredible. The plot explains the origins of each important X-Men. Its drama is a bit lengthy, but it sets up the story for an action packed sequel.
5|17926|The best horror movie, and one of the best movies of all time. The movie represents a true test of faith, and it illustrates one of the most constant battles in life -- faith vs science.
5|10091|great movie Jenna elfman rules
5|20634|I have to disagree with Obsidian's assessment. Yes, the story is a cliche, but there are very few original plots; most are different ways of telling a familiar story. Yes, the movie has no depth -- but I don't think it ever intended to be or to be seen as a deep, thought-provoking, meaningful movie. It's entertainment, plain and simple. For those of us who like Grease , it succeeds very well in entertaining! I'm just glad I never started counting the number of times I've seen it!
1|15378|INSANITY!! how does this movie even compare to a REAL film? Any positive feeling this movie could have left me with was sucked away by Julia Stiles's nonexistant acting talent! Blech. give me a break MTV, I can't believe I payed to see this movie, someone out there, somewhere, owes me 8 bucks!
1|14066|The fact that Ron Howard directed this may attract viewers, but it will only leave them cuonfused and bored out of their minds. Apollo 13 is the story of 3 astronauts whpo go into outer space, but their spaceship breaks down and leaves them out there, stranded without their families. I was extremly disappointed and you will be too.
1|10200|Just because there are babes in it doesn't make it good. This was a true piece of sh*t from beginning to end...
1|3655|One word TERRIBLE. First, I don't much care for most Snipes flicks. They tend to all be about the same, and always predictable, and he always plays the same character. There are a few that are OK, but this isn't one of them. The special effects were bad, and one could tell that the budget was all spent on Snipes because the cars that blew up were always old cars off by themselves where the shots were easy to control. Avoid this film if you can.
5|15857|I can't believe that the purile crap served up by American Beauty gets in the top 5 here while Magnolia scrapes in at around 40. This film had more humanity in one look than AB had in all the cliched rose bushes in Lancashire and Yorkshire combined.
5|14591|This IS Apocalypse Now to me, having not seen the original version. Personally, I see nothing wrong with this film. It is perfect in every way. Very surreal, very disturbing. Certainly one of the best examples of cinema at its finest.
5|6531|This is a delightful film! From the sheer horror of the death in Hannay's flat, to the comic exchange where Robert Donat says For all you know I might murder a woman a week! , and chilling bit when one character holds up his truncated finger, these make up a compendium of Hitchcock touches to please his many fans.
5|9602|Revenge of the Nerds is genius.
1|3866|Two words, What happened?
5|15664|Dramatic. Sensitive. Romantic. Intellectual. I loved it.
5|4326|a great movie for both children and adults, though the humor at times was directed to an older audience. the computer animation was really cool as well, and the casting was good too.
5|3449|Chalk this one up to my sentimental favorites. I love this movie. Swayze and Jennifer Grey did this movie years before Dirty Dancing. It also had C. Thomas Howell and several others young stars of the day. Kids from Michigan fighting Soviet invaders using whatever weapons they could russle up. A truly inspiring movie and one should hope it will give everyone the courage to stand and fight if an actual invasion of the US ever happens as it did in this movie.
5|18340|headless guy runs around killing people and creating madness and mayhem in local town... great family movie.
5|2757|i love the movie and i love drew barrymore and the movie was hilarios and good.
1|9393|Will Smith's acting abilities just could not save this film. Worst special effects I have ever seen. It was so fake it was pathetic.
5|2031|When you go to this movie you expect a simple ghost in the background movie. But it had more twists and turns than any other movie that I have seen. You are afraid to blink because something else might happen and you will be lost for the rest of the movie. The end will shock you.
5|11364|this movie is touching and terrific
5|7149|Chevy Chase at his best. Great to see Imogene Coca too.
1|21988|This movie is one of the worst ever made, I know, I have seen almost all of the sci-fi movies made after 1980, this movie has stiff acting, if you were riding on a roller coaster you'd fall asleep if you were watching this movie. I give it 2 thumbs way, way, down.
5|15102|Th drug problem is everywhere and the sooner we regulate it the less the violence and crime. Erdaicating it will not deter the growth of the product or problem. A must see for all ages. Gets your head out of the sand and makes you face some stark realities.
5|6257|A brilliant film, one of Welles very best.
5|9164|This is the most bizzare and confusing movie I've seen in my life. Great story, great acting (by Malkovich and Cusac) and the appearance of Charlie Sheen was terrific. THUMBS UP
5|14208|Very touching movie with two old veterans, Henry Fonda and Katharine Hepburn. They are both hilarious and heartwarming as the aging couple who are spending another summer in their lake home. The relationship they have, as well as their relationships with their daughter, her fiance, and her soon to be stepson who gets stuck there with them, are all right on target and it all rings true. You can't help but laugh at Henry Fonda, even though he's spouting obscenities half the time.
5|6243|I don't find the movie "dated" in the least. Isn't the topic CLASSIC MOVIES? 
1|21744|Hated it. This was my favourite chapter of the LOTR books, and Peter Jackson killed it. All the major parts of the novel were missing- at the end the Hobbits return to find that Saruman is in the Shire, and without Gandalf or Aragorn they clean the Shire of the evil men and Saruman (who tried to kill Frodo)- this is all missing.. It looks like Hollywood got their claws in this one- it made the new Star Wars movies look good. Maybe if you never read the books you could be taken away by the magnificent storyline- but this was Tolkiens work- not the movies. All the time wasting they did at the end with tearful goodbyes could have been utilised by showing the Hobbits battle in the Shire. Bad job- it spoiled the series for me. 
5|22962|One of my favorite movies of all time with one of my favorite actors. All of the sequels are terrible, but this movie's social commentary seems to be unplanned while being ever present. This film's plot is well developed, and while Charlton Heston's character shows some development, most of the apes are lacking in that respect. Rod Serling's work on the film was fantastic. While it was not able to hold to the book in which the apes are in a far more sophisticated society than that of the movie, the movie has a great quality which could not be duplicated in todays cinematic climate. If you liked the Twilight Zone, this movie will be one for you. This film's costumes and makeup, while being state of the art at the time, are very bad, and nothing postitive can be said for the sequels which were simply a form of profit from the original, each becoming cheaper and cheaper, and the stories becoming thinner and thinner.
5|13567|American Beauty is a brilliantly crafted film that echoes John Cheever's The Swimmer --both are cautionary tales suggesting how easily lost we may become in search of the American Dream and how difficult it is to find our way home again. The powerful ending presents a narrative from the grave as Spacey's character, with Christlike forgiveness, dies for us and suggests the existence of a path that might take us through the thicket of materialism, egotism, and sexuality that characterizes the American landscape. Spacey's character sights a higher path during the long second before death; hopefully, we will see this path less traveled earlier in our own individual journey.
5|9170|Being John Malkovich can be described in one word - genius. The bizzare plot around which the film revolves, (A down and out puppeteer discovers a gateway into the mind of actor John Malkovich), could so easily have been handled in the wrong way but first time movie director Spike Jones' direction is next to flawless and his background as a commercial director is useful, as the film shifts gear from subtle to sublime to blatant a lot. The cast is well chosen, with John Cusack playing the puppeteer whos life is irreversably change by his discovery, and his character provides a good anchor for the plot, as he is infact the least eccentric of the lot. Cameron Diaz also proves decisivly in this picture that she can act well without the use of her looks, sporting a wig which would not look out of place lying on a motorway bleeding. The star of the show, Malkovich, is eccelent and in my opinion a vastly underrated actor. He acts himself in a truly believable way and is very clever in his acting when he is being 'possesed.' Look out for the scene where he enters his own mind portal - it is one of the funniest scenes I have ever seen in any film. All in all, the story is odd and brilliant, the cast is superb, the direction inspired and the end result is spectacular. This is one to buy, a real watch and watch again film. 
5|2025|This movie was so cool. I was seriously jumping out of my seat the whole time, although it did take a long time for everything to add up.
1|9387|I HATE Will Smith, he's so not funny or cool anymore.
5|5992|This movie is terrific and extremely funny! People of this generation NEED to see it.
5|908|Good special effects for its day. The score is priceless, and is recognizable anywhere.
5|4454|Dr.Suess was genius with the Christmas special It's funny, classic and a very good cartoon movie!!
5|4332|Shrek is a great movie. It will have you laughing till you cry. Eddie Murphy as donkey is hilarious!!! He does a great job!!!
5|2743|This is a very entertaining movie if you leave your commen sense at the theatre door. My real rating would be 4 1/2 stars!
5|17067|One of the most under rated movies of all time- Jack Nicholson gives one of his greatest performance ever. Highly recommend you see this 
5|10708|Any movie that stars Adam Sandler is guaranteed to be absolutely histerical. His humore is clever and original.
5|6525|Sterling and powerful performances by Spencer Tracy and Frederic March. Gene Kelly and Dick York are wonderful too.
5|13201|Excellent story and acting by Jack and Louise.
5|15670|I'm not if it should have won best picture, however.
5|8508|I don't understand how somebody could give this movie less than five stars. Oh now I remember, it's because John Woo didn't direct it.
1|6922|Punny. Gets old after a while.
5|5004|This movie has got to not only the best Animation I ver seen, but the best movie Ive seen this year. The graphics were outstanding, the soundtrack funky (none of those singing characters, Thankyou.) This movie has it all, and I loved the hero who saves the human race. Couldnt ask for more
5|13229|One of the only Tom Cruise movies I liked. Dustin Hoffman plays his role perfectly as a mentally handicapped man who's greedy brother kidnaps him from the home that he'd been living. Hoffman's character is an idiot savant, his brother kidnaps him in hopes that he will get his brother's share of the estate that his father left him, that he felt was rightfully his. They travel across country together and Cruise learns who his brother really is. You almost like Cruise by the end of the movie.
5|1262|Excellent Movie! Brilliant acting by Samuel L Jackson and John Travolta. A typical Tarintino film - if you liked his other films, you'll love this. Jules (Jackson) and Vincent (Travolta) are basically two hitmen. But they seem to consider their jobs as quite ordinary (as their witty conversations on their way to kill people would suggest). Now, they have to kill a boxer, Butch (Bruce Willis) for doing something he shouldn't have to their boss - Marcellus Wallace. There are interesting things that happen along the way. Vincent takes out Marcllus' wife Mia (Uma Thurman), Vincent accidently shoots someone, Jules and Vincent get caught in a robbery and Jules thinks that God rescued him and Vincent from bullets shot at them . . . . . just to name a few!!!!
5|14546|i loved and i also that at the end it showed what would happend in real life .so it is great.
5|15658|Great story about what if...Gwyneth Paltrow is wonderful in the diverse rolls she plays.
1|3682| Jackie, Jackie, Jackie . . . what on EARTH were you thinking!?! He opted not to do his own stunts for this one, and it was a HUGE disappointment for many Jackie Chan fans. Storyline was lame, but I wasn't expecting Oscar material or anything. Jennifer Love Hewitt just wasn't convincing as a scientist. It was almost painful to watch, and if there are any Jackie Chan fans out there who hasn't seen this, I highly suggest that you spare yourself the pain!
5|7613|Coen brothers best movie ever. Smart, funny, complex enough to lose the dullards and culturally inferior, simple enough to annoy the arthouse elite. In short, perfect.
1|20314|oh my god! they should of called it friday the 13th part 8 jason goes down with the ship jason does not take manhattan the muppets did a better job in the muppets take manhattan but this is the worst sequel i mean what the hell was with that makeup job on jason so hokey and why did jason talk and why did jason turn into a little kid the new title Friday the 13th part 8 the muppets take manhattan 
5|8246|Very funny, well scripted and very strong performances all around.
5|7175|National Lampoon's Vacation is by far the best movie of 1983, and one of the best comedies ever made in the history of filmmaking. Chevy Chase, Beverly D. Angelo, Anthony Michael Hall, and Dana Barron star as the Griswolds who are on their way to a famous amusement park, Wallyworld.
5|14220|This movie hits home. I have an uncle who has schizophrenia. ClassicTVFan, How could you not be moved by this movie? It's a true story of a man's real suffering. Do you not feel sorry for him? He didn't ask to be that way. Sometimes, I hope you do not have a bias against the mentally ill, which would hurt my feelings very much because I have severe clinical depression. This movie raises awareness about a disease. It's inspiring and beautiful. 
5|17729|The original and the best in the series.
5|3313|MI2 had very good music and I feel compelled to go buy the soundtrack if it weren't for the free songs available on Napster.
5|920|A summer must-see classic! Even thoug I've seen about two-dozen times (at least) there are still scenes I love to see (the shark coming out of the water while the Sheriff tosses blood & guts overboard). This will always be a classic and even though special effects today might enhance the visuals, it would probably ruin it.
5|5776|Bette Davis is the queen. The best actress ever.
5|20191|a cult classic but you have to see it at least once if just to realize how warped some peoples minds are out there and knowing they created this.
5|2019|OMG! i went to the movies to see this movie. i thougt it was so scary. i seriously was like scared to look in my bathroom mirror for like a whole 2 weeks.i think michelle, whatever her last name is did a great job...i was like soooo shoked at the end. it was like WHOA!
5|19710|this movie had a lot working against it from before it was made. first, it's one of those films that tries to fit an immense body of literature into a celluloid vehicle (the graphic novel of the same name by comics giant alan moore, who also wrote the legendary watchmen , from which i took the name comedian). reading the novel beforehand doesn't help at all with the movie; it only fuels the oh, they should have done this game people like me play while they are watching it, but it would have helped a lot of dissatisfied customers understand what the filmmakers were up against, or up for. what carried through was the surreally dark atmosphere that only comes up on paper in the novel as squiggly lines but which the interaction of text and image there create in the imagination of the reader. the over-the-top melancholia that people seem to complain about may have been the result of their trying to translate tons of bio and historical text into pictures, which are supposed to be able to convey a thousand words each, but which in film are notoriously unable to do. for instance, they show joe merrick, the elephant man, for one bit, while in the book dr gull meets with him and explains how in india a man is believed to be the incarnation of the elephant god ganesha, and when he prospers the land prospers, and when he withers, the land withers, just like king arthur, and later in the book we see the british empire wane as merrick commits suicide. or when gull walks an acquintance around westminster and explains the ancient and masonic significance of the construction, and how certain forms and images were supposed to subtly affect men's minds. that kind of effect doesn't come through as well in smokestacks and eviscerations if the suggestion of it isn't there. there's a lot of feeling and power in this movie despite all of its flaws, and i can't count the number of times people have asked me if i knew when it was coming out on dvd. ultimately it will probably just contribute to moore's frustration at not being understood, and the illusion of the uniqueness of his storytelling ability.
1|24600|Dreadful, cheesy and corny "remake" of the original, which was a minor classic, and whatever else it may have been, and it was pretty cheesy in its own right, the original was a fairly unique and influential landmark in the development of sci- fi films. The makeup was indeed very good, and Tim Roth did a good job as usual, but the rest of this movie was atrocious. The plot in particular was abysmal.
1|11863|Does anyone remember children? Yes I realize this is an Adult movie, but those ubiquitous ads are seen by children all day long. In this age of absent parenting and single mothers de jour, Go pop some Adults bubble leaves the kids alone!
5|1510|Based on the graphic novel by James O'Barr with the same title. The film really lived up to the graphic novel and its brilliant to watch with all the gothic imagery and simplistic camera work. The premise of the film is simple - if a love is pure it will never die which is reflected when Eric Draven (Brandon Lee) returns from the dead one year after his and his fiancees deaths on devils night. Eric seeks revenge on the persons responsible for their deaths and one by one kills off the criminals by their own trademark which leads up to a fantastic sequence between him and the big boss who ordered the deaths. It was tragic that this was Brandon Lee's last film - but that makes it even more special to watch as you get to see him in a spectacular film.
5|14234|If you want to understand mental illness, this is the movie to see.
5|6519|The Citizen Kane of comedies. Chaplin's brilliance shines in every scene and the intelligience of the writing is impeccable.
5|14552|I thought the movie was wonderful. It didnt really leave me hanging as everyone said it would. Certain signs that he had while on the island made him realize his paths, and the same when he returned to civilization. It wasnt really that confusing to figure out that he went back to know and fall in love with that women at the cross roads. I thought the movie said alot about life in general. that he was so worried about time and rushing that he would forget what was really important, was the people in his life, and when he was on the island he had nothing BUT time. It made me laugh it made me cry. as of any movie that Robert Zameckis and Tom Hanks are involved in. I give it two thumbs up!!!!! 
5|8534|I'd have to say that Steve Martin in his prime was one of the funniest people ever, and the Jerk is great evidence. From the physical comedy of his discovery of rhythm to all the great stupid antics, this one is great from start to finish. Many of the lines have become classics that I find myself using in daily life: Oh so it's a profit thing! (after Mavin Johnson is told not to feel bad about his poor record as a weight-guesser) I don't want the money. I just want the stuff. (says Marie when Mavin goes broke) By the way, I'm glad also that Medgar Evers mentioned how great Bernadette Peters is in this. I absolutely fell in love with her in this movie, and wish I could have pulled on her face to observe the tightness of her face-skin just like Steve got to.
5|16345|I agree totally with Kamylienne. This movie was just simply spectacular. The acting was the best Ive ever seen. The picture and costumes looked realistic and were amazing. The torture scenes were extremely violent. I don't think this movie was at all exaggerated. It simply shows how Jesus died in real life. I wasn't really interested in seeing this movie until I heard exactly how violent it was and someone even died from watching it. This movie is extremely sad; to watch how humans could do such things to one another. Some people in the audience were even crying. Mel Gibson wanted this to be a powerful movie, and it by far is, so it gets an easy 5 stars. Whether or not this is an accurate film does not matter. No one knows what exactly happened. Its not a documentary or a history lesson. Its simply a lesson about Christ's final hours. This movie deserves a much higher rating, espacially when it is selling out nation wide.
5|19076|How can you not like this movie??? THe characters are great. The plot excellent. I mean everyone who was on the movie theater jumped at least once. THe only movie that did that to me was I know waht you did last summer. 
5|3461|Lethal Weapon 3 was in my opinion the best of the four films. I have to admire the filmmakers, who integrated drama with action quite effectively in the film. Glover and Gibson are solid as usual, and their on-screen chemistry is still strong. Pesci provides some comic relief along the way, and Rene Russo is a fine addition to the series. With Glover's character somewhat disengaged after he discovers that he shot one of his son's friends in a drug bust, Russo and Gibson take over and have such amazing (and amusing) chemistry on screen. Overall, Lethal Weapon 3 was a fantastic addition the series, bringing us exciting, dramatic and comedic moments all within two hours.
5|5010|The grafics were good considering the attempt for US, nice strory line and cool music. Very nice. Careful with a first date though if you don't know if they like cartoons, it could be dangeroud otherwise.
5|505|full of memorable scenes and characters. peschi especially.
1|17023|A horrible movie about a man with a pefect life who hates it so much he pretends to be others and murders people in gruesome fashion. Redeeming factor- threesome with two girls.
5|7388|it was funny of course it had BEN STILLARD in it. yeah I liked it. virile vagablood I am pretty sure who ever is in here has seen the movie so you dont have to type the whole back cover ok thanks.(and the cats name is jinxie)
5|6096|More than just a horror flick - more than a great horror film - speaks volumes about society. Absolute classic. Every time she screams in panic when looking at him I'm on the Monster's side -whenever villagers run in fear - I'm on his side! It's entirely unrational, but I can't help it - rejection hurts!
5|23671|This movie was fricken awesome. The graphics were good and so was the plot. So many people thought that it was a bad plot, because they were too dumb to understand the plot. Maybe, they should go back to middle school and get some common knowledge.
5|8905|The dark humor, script, action, acting, and dialogue were all five star. Kudos to Guy Ritchie!
5|23117|Star Wars the Phantom Menace is by far one of the best movies ever. Critics attacks on this movie, were just the nieve ideas of people who couldn't open their minds to the greatness of the movie.
5|24678|Great special effects, great sci-fi and Elizabeth Shue is hot.
5|14963|I thought this movie was wonderful. I think people need to remember that it is just a movie, not required to be completely accurate. Everyone has their interpretation of history anyway. I've never read so many pious comments. I have a history degree and know enough to say that there is a bit of truth in both sides. Maybe every British general wasn't brutal, but some were. After all, we are Americans and are allowed to portray the bad guy on whichever side we choose. Please people, lighten up. Mel Gibson gave us another movie with substance when we're surrounded by these beyond stupid teeny bopper movies. I thank him.
5|22209|This has become my favorite movie of all time. I can watch it over and over and never get tired of it. Can't wait for the sequels. Jim
5|6928|Midgets will always be funny. Farts will always be funny. Airplane! will always be funny. Have you ever seen a grown man naked? 
1|13523|The movie to see of the year, at least, according to the critics who didn't pan this movie. The movie follows around a pervert of a man, his premiscious daughter and her friend that is the same way, his wife in an affair, a racist neighbor and his ditsy wife, this one has no one with any sense of morals anywhere in it! The film is laced with graphic descriptions of sexual activity, profanity, nudity, drug use, amoral attitdues, and tons of other stuff that shouldn't be in any movie. Don't even accept this one for cash--unless you tape something over it like I Love Lucy, Andy Griffith Show or a movie like Gus or Emperor's New Groove.
1|15152|whatever! this movie sucked.
1|1268|I hated this movie because it didn't' make sense and was disgusting. I couldn't bare to watch that crap especially when the guy is getting screwed up the ass! I turned the movie off. All the cutting and jumping from time to time didn't make sense.
5|263|The only thing that I can say about BREAVE HEART is the movie of all time.
5|18181|hmm..think ill watch it ^^
5|21714|Despite the long ending, this was awesome. I guess he had to tie up all of the lose ends, but the ending wasn't as good as I thought that Peter could do.
1|12629|Despite the fact that I watched this movie on a flight from Boston to SFO, this movie was so bad I still thought about walking out on it. I used to like Will Farrell, but now after 29 movies over three years it has become apparent how one-dimensional and unoriginal he really is. He's the same character in every movie, and most recently they have all been bad movies. Nicole Kidman was at least a little (very little)likable in the movie, but she drops in my opinion -- guilt by association. What was she thinking taking on this role? This was one of the worst movies ever.
5|18195|there are only a very few but this is better than the original(the gore had me jumping like i was watching the original again, just more so!) 
5|277|Braveheart is such a great movie. Mel Gibson acted directed outstandingly. The story was great, as well as the cast.
5|8911|Very flamboyant, and very unlike the real world that most gay people live in. However, Robin Williams and Nathan Lane did such outstanding jobs in their characters that it made the movie one of the best comedies of that year. I almost fell out of my seat at the movie theatre everytime Nathan Lane hit the screen as Albert...he was so hilarious and you couldn't help but like his character in the movie no matter how whiny and extremely dramatic he got. I even enjoyed Gene Hackman as the conservative father. This movie will be a classic someday. A must have for die-hard Robin Williams fans. On a final note- it was nice seeing a gay couple portrayed as life long partners who love each other no matter how bad it gets...EXCELLENT MOVIE !!!
1|18462|This movie almost single handedly ruined the slasher genre. It sucks
5|14977|Wonderful film filled with thoughtful quality performances. Very depressing. Weren't the people who played Hillary Swank's family members completely convincing as poor white trailer trash?
5|1935|This movie had a lot of action in it. The story plot was able to keep my attention and the special effects were cool.
5|6082|A very nice movie that had a lot of dancing and was a great movie to watch. The movie portrayed a lot of the history that was happening during that period of time.
5|16806|This movie appealed to my own Gnostic beliefs, so naturally, I give this one the nod over Passion (which was good in it's own right.)
5|21072|best documentary
5|22553|Batman has so many movies. I liked this movie a lot.
5|13956|What the heck is everyone thinking? This movie should be at the top. 
5|12490|Oh my goodness, I loved this movie. I was skeptical at first because film just doesn't have the same spark as a live Broadway show but this totally blew me away. Its beautiful to watch and Emmy Rossum, who plays Christine, is fantastic. She has a true talent.
5|539|This is one of my top 5 all time favorite movies. I love anything and everything regarding the mob and this movie gives me a big dose of mobsters. I don't know if it is love as much as fascination. The acting is great. It has a lot of big names like Robert DeNiro, Joe Pesci, and Ray Leota. It goes through a long period of time and the characters really develop throughout the film.
5|11199|The best movie of the Summer. Eddie Murphy deserves an Oscar, he plays 5 characters each completely different from the other and brings warmth to each. A must see.
1|8270|This movie sucked. O Brother Where Art Thou?, now that's a funny movie.
1|1254|Mindless and very boring movie that really goes nowhere very quickly.
1|12601|It's a waste of money. I thought it was gonna be good cause of the famous voices for the animals boy was I wrong, the audience only laughed once and it wasn't a fall of the chair laugh just a simple ha ha. I warned ya.
1|2985|I anticipated this movie ever since i heard they were gonna make it. Biggest mistake of my life, this movie was TERRIBLE. HUGE disappointment, ending was terrible, the movie was funny rather than scary.
1|2749|Good grief! It's a zero! A re-make of the seventies flick that went out of date in the seventies! Three boobs given superhuman capabilities to beat up on all the bad guy's? Gimme a break!
1|3457|Massive disapointment. I am a huge fan of James Patterson the author of all the Alex Cross detective novels and I must say in respect to the novel, this film is a travesty. This film is nothing like the biik which, in retrospect, is much more enjoyable and well thought out. This movie follows the book in no way except that the good guy is Alex Cross and the bad guy is Gary Sonja. This film grows into nothing. You end up feeling nothing for any character at all. And when ah ha moments fail to make you go ah ha. That is a sighn of failure. Kiss the Girls wasn't much better in that respect. Anyway, I recommend reading the books. Stay away from this film or any other film made of this brilliant series of books.
5|22221|The Matrix is SUCH an excellent movie. People didn't really understand the move. It was about more than it appears to be. EXCELLENT 
1|19998|I agree with my esteemed henchman, the Mad Hatter. The begining ruled (got blood all over my best clown suit) but the rest blew hard.
5|21728|Wonderful ending when...I won't spoil it. I like how it wrapped up, I almost cried.
5|3878|A very good movie. And the music is even better. I knew it was just a matter of time until they were doing a musical. Elton John did a fantastic job. This movie is timeless.
5|18817|One of the best, well put together horror movies of that past 20 years. Great graphics, make up, and acting make this film a must see.
5|22547|I think Batman was cool. Jack Nicholson was awesome as the joker. It was a perfect role for him. Kim Basinger was also great as Bruce Wayne's girlfriend. Michael Keaton was an excellent BATMAN. 
5|8093|Maybe liking this has something to do with how old you are. Personally, I think its hilarious, with great performances by Bridges, Goodman and Buscemi. As with all Coen Brothers movies, well and wittily scripted. Very funny.
5|1909|This was a great movie. There were really cool visual effects and an edge of your seat storyline to keep you interested. Both John and Nicholas did an excellent acting job as well as keeping the storyline. See it!
5|13771|Wow. What a good movie. Didn't you just love the way Tom Hanks managed to make the character seem so real? Gee, I can't see him enough. MORE TOM HANKS!!!!! Aaahhh! Ok, back to the movie. I loved the ending, loved the plot, the theme, everything about it! I'm looking forward to reading the book...
5|4642|This is a wonderful story for any age. John Lynch as the distant Lord Craven was wonderful, and Maggie Smith as Maddox was as usual brilliant! This should be in every girls video collection.
5|17517|Peter Weir Australian made this flick with a young Mel Gibson. Two young Aussies are in the ANZAC forces that fight in the Gallipoli Peninsula disaster. The Turks almost blow them back to Australia as the singer notes in the song, "The Band Played Waltzing Matilda." Hard to watch as you cringe over such waste!
5|3893| The Lion King is an all-around classic that I fully plan on showing my children, and hopefully, 100 years from now, will still be appreciated for what it is: a great movie for the family. Rarely have I seen Walt Disney produce a film such as this- I still watch it every now and then even at the age of 15. It just never seems to bore me, espescially with the hilarious antics of Tummone and Pumba. I concur with Castlebee that Jeremy Irons played the voice of Scar perfectly- what a perfect villian! this movie is so dramatic that I actually used to cry when Mufasa died. A great mixture of drama, comedy, romance and music!
5|17271|One of my favorite movies. Truly romantic in the larger sense of the word. Beautifully written, filmed and directed.
5|2555|This a wonderful movie. Well duh Jackie Chan is in it.
1|19973|Its stupid. If your wanna see this, why not rent a couple more movies that suck like the blair witch or maybe ticks.
5|13017|I just saw it and am in loss for words. One of the best movies I've ever watched. It's amazing! 
5|6733|The special effects are still impressive today. This movie was the 50's equivalent to the 70's Star Wars. Ray Harryhausen at his best. 
5|15472|Great movie! I found the movie gripping and believable. Most movies that deal with the supernatural tend to be 'unrealistic', not only in its content but in its execution as well. This film was perfect. Great cast.
5|9414|funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, x 1,000,000!
5|13003|This is one of the top ten American movies.
5|3887|I love this... I think it's really my favorite Disney movie. And I don't like a lot of the modern Disney movies... of course, this was done at least five or six years ago, wasn't it? I love the music.
5|17265|Good movie. I enjoyed it. Suprisingly
5|18156|Love those psychological thrillers. This is another of my favorite all-time horror films.
5|4130|A very good movie- the perfect movie version of Roald Dahl's popular book. A fine way of proving that if you have faith, your dreams can come true.
5|4656|Sad...
5|11172|When I say this movie in theatres I was crying because of Eddie Murphy's hilarious characters and phrases. I loved this movie, a 10 is what this movie deserves.
5|3139|The movie was action packed. I loved all the subs blowing up. I also believe the war was a true story, and the plot was wonderful. I wish the movie was longer.
5|17503|This is a superb Italian film and tells the story of a poor postman who delivers mail to the hands of famous poet in exile, Pablo Neruda. The postman's life is changed by Neruda and he learns to read and write poetry, as well as become active in politics. A must see!
5|18630|I think this was the first movie I saw of Nicole and she played the part very well I loved the movie and was stunned at the end.
1|10943|Don't waste your time with this retread of Risky Business. In fact, rent Risky Business instead!
5|13765|This was a spectactular movie and the cast was amazing. Even though it is over three hours long, I couldn't stop watching it. It has such a magical tone to it. And the music is almost eerie. The cast gave an unbelievable performance. Doug Hutchinson was amazing as Percy, the little a**hole, and by the end of the movie you just had the urge to strangle him. Tom Hanks, as always, gives an astounding performance as Paul Edgecombe. Bonnie Hunt was very good, too, as Paul's wife. David Morse was great and I give him two thumbs up for pushing Percy around and nearly beating the crap out of him. Sam Rockwell was so hilarious as Wild Bill. Barry Pepper as the young gaurd on E block. Michael Jeter as the inmate who befriends a mouse. And, of course, Michael Clarke Duncan as John Coffey, accused of murder, but can give life with the touch of his hands. I loved this movie. The good and the evil in these men of E Block was brought out in a marvelous way. If you loved the movie, read the book.
5|6041|Awesome movie by the greatest movie director af all time.
5|21099|I've been a fan of the dazzling,debonair and peerless Fred Astaire for many years.For me,The Band Wagon pips even Top Hat and Swing Time as his most brilliant film,and is a prime contender for the Musical crown of Singin' in the Rain, which preceded it by a year.Packed with marvellous tunes and dance routines- Cyd Charisse surely his most elegant and talented partner; Dancing in the Dark sublimely romantic;the extended, vibrant Girl Hunt sequence both sexy and visually stunning.The second half is simply fabulous (over an hour of unadulterated bliss), and Charisse's closing speech will bring a lump to the throat of any fellow Astaire devotee.That's Entertainment!
5|16635|Simply the best movie I have seen in years. So incredibly real! So beautifully understated. It's rare that you see a movie where you actually beleive every single event happening - and word spoken on the screen - it's real life translated. Mark Ruffalo and Laura Linney are both devastatingly good! Bravo!!! 
5|18618|This movie was one of the FREAKIEST but most interesting movies i ever saw. I love the ending too.
5|20387|Grossed me out and scared the crap out of me.
5|10244|I liked this movie because it has hot girls dancing in it. I think it appeals to many guys. There is also a theme to the movie to follow your dreams, which is pretty cool since it will attract the girls. Something for everyone.
5|5560|This was the first movie we watched in my school's film class this year, and I can't argue with its reputation as one of the greatest movies of all time: great performances from the whole cast, an interesting story, memorable characters, dozens of memorable lines, an intelligent and well-written screenplay with an ample amount of witty humor to boot. As the saying goes, They don't make 'em like this anymore, and it's a damn shame they don't.
5|14022|I loved this movie. The cast of characters is wonderful. It's by far the best film Julia Roberts, Sally Field, Dolly Parton or Darryl Hannah have ever been in-either then or since. I guess it would be considered a chick flick but bring some hankys girls it's a tear jerker. The interaction between the women is fantanstic-each has her own personality, and we see how each one changes and grows, some more than others. Darryl Hannah's character probably the most in my opinion but all the women and Sally Field's husband are marvelous.
5|1706|Best movie I've seen in a while. A gripping story, beautifully shot and directed. The acting is superb, and the fight scenes are magical in every sense. There's so much depth to this film, it's hard to know where to start -- it's far more than just a martial arts movie, though the martial arts part of it is pretty fantastic.
5|13995|This movie is one of my favs because it has Matt Damon and Ben Affleck, two very good guys and actors. The movie has a good plot. I also love Robin Williams.
5|23856|I REALLY liked this movie. it had a good plot, and it really amde you think... it was kinda sad though. and i would have to admitt that up to this movie, i HATED ashton kutcher, but he really proved in this movie that he can portray a serous character.
5|7377|A very hilarious movie. Ben Stiller to do other types of movies though.
5|8044|Really cute, Really funny and Clean!! I absolutely adored it when I saw it. I love this movie.
5|7411|One of the funniest movies I've ever seen! It was jsut hilarious, Ben Stiller was great, and Robert Deniro was really intimidating as the father in law.
5|14744|Okay, so maybe the love triangle was a little contrived and annoying, but overall this was a good movie. I thought Jude Law and Ed Harris were especially good in their respective roles. The story of a Russian sniper was particularly interesting to me, as was the terror and insanity of the Battle of Stalingrad. If you ever get a chance to play the Russian part of the game Call of Duty you can see how the game was modeled after this movie -- everything from the dangerous river crossing to the rationing of ammo to the shooting of those who turned back is in there.
5|1060|The characters/actors are what make this movie great. It's a bit dark and violent, so I would not recommended to everyone. Jerry Lundegaard has some financial problems so he hires some people to kidnap his wife and they would demand a ransom from her rich father. Things take a turn for the worse when they end up killing Jerry's wife and the pregnant police chief is hot on the trail. William H Macy is excellent as Lundegaard. Francis McDormand is funny and refreshing as the police chief. Steve Buscemi is superb as the violent psychopath. The movie is fresh, funny, violent, and thrilling. Quite possiblly The Coen Brothers best film.
1|1297|That movie was an asault on my ears!
5|4118|This is such a creative movie, and who doesn't like a factory completely made of candy? The songs were good too! This is a fun movie and I like the whole golden ticket thing! I wish I could win the golden ticket
5|5212|I loved the show that the movie was based on and I never dreamed any one would do alive action version. Well they did and the effects are very nice the story is a little week and concentrates on the kids a little to much. Bill Paxton and Anthony Edwards make their money easy as does Ben Kingsly. You have to look at the film incontext, it is based on a 1960s kid show which was great for its time. The original producers and creators where left out of the project. I think they could have done a lot better but it was a very good effort. Great family movie and fun to watch for everyone. Unfortunatly the critics are beating it up and alot of people will not see it. If you get to the movie late don't worry the begining credits are horrible.
5|17259|By god i love this movie. Mafuni is great. A better movie is hard to find.
5|14988|A wonderful film. Jamie Foxx showed me more of that special something I saw in (don't laugh) Any Given Sunday. Foxx literally becomes Charles for this film-taking on the mannerisms, carriage and voice of Ray. The movie showed the genius as well as the tragedy of this very human talent. I was particularly moved by the portrayal of his mother. A woman who you would expect to resent her son(s) (1. raising two young boys on menial labor, 2. as a stunned child Ray stood by as his younger brother, drowned, 3. Ray becomes blind and a heavier burden within the year of his brother's death), instead his mother never lays blame at Ray's feet, loves him in a strong brave way and sacrifices by sending the last child she has away (this must have broken her heart) to attend a school where he might learn enough to become someone. The movie's epiphany is where Ray's mother (in dream/fantasy sequence) tells Ray that, for all his genius and success, he has failed in his promise to her by becoming an addict. A wonderful message about motherhood.
5|7405| Actually, you can milk anything with nipples. I have nipples Greg, can you milk me? 
1|20102|This movie hella sucked. I thought it was going to be hella scary, but it wasn't. Maybe I expected too much out of it. This movie made me hella dizzy.
5|12321|all the right elements are in the mix: the pace is fast without being confusing, the humor dry and witty, the action exciting and suspenceful. if anything is missing its the over-blown (and obvious) computer graphics and clichs of a doomed futuristic world that have become the standard for sci-fi (or any other summer blockbuster, for that matter). rather, this is an actual story of people with complicated pasts and uncertain futures; it just happens to be set in outer space. this movie should become the touchstone for all movies, but especially sci-fi, wherein the focus is on how each particular person -- in keeping with his character -- reacts to the action and environment. 
1|3494|Didn't get through the first 20 m's of it. BORING!
5|8736|American Pie is definitely the best comedy of 1999 maybe of the decade. I have never laughed so hard at any movie before in my life.
5|1074|Fargo was a very original movie. I liked it so much because of its charismatic character (especially the lady Sheriff) and the weird turn of events.
5|13759|Yet another great movie made from a Stephen King novel. Ever notice how many Tom Hanks movies are in the top 20 for this site?
5|1712|Great movie. It is abit brutal and depressing though.
5|7363|your f**kin stupid if u dont like this film.
1|24402|Tasteless, boring, and unfunny parody on sci-fi films. Moore proves to be the only one strong to do anything with this film, because everyone else seems worn out and gives off no energy to be noticed.
5|20393|masturbate
5|5574|It doesn't get much better than this!
5|10520|Mackauley Caulkin at his best ! A wonderful, hilarious movie for the whole family to enjoy. It is an even better movie to watch during the holidays. I absolutely loved it !
1|19795|Unfortunatly, all great franchises have one bad movie. Jason had part 8, Micheal had part 3, and Freddy has part 2. The story was bad and the actors sucked!
5|13029|The greatest gangster film ever made. Magnificent direction, masterly acting, superb cinematography and editing. Music matches the film perfectly. Tension is palpable. 
5|1062|Was NOT based on a true story, contrary to what the movie claims. I don't care. I was surprised that Austin Powers was ranked higher than this one, and then more surprised that this wasn't even ranked...ah, they don't call this comedy?? I have a theory...if you're not from the upper midwest, you probably can't relate enough to the movie to really enjoy it. My favorite scene? The interrogation of the driveway sweeper! Gotta love the parkas!
5|7413|I thought this movie was really funny. Robert De Niro does a great job with his role as an overprotective father. While I normally hate Ben Stiller, he was funny. It's a great movie to watch if you need to laugh. 
1|20114|Did not understand the movie. Was very boring and not enough excitement. When it got to the end, the good part, the movie ended.
5|12337|One of the most underrated movies of the year. Could have been a little smarter in certain parts, but A LOT of fun.
5|8720|Absolutely hilarious! The awkward situations of the main characters make you want to laugh and cringe at the same time. Just don't watch it with your parents.
5|12451|One of the most beautiful movie Ive seen in years. Great, i mean, excellent music. Duchovny made a great work as a director and writter. Kudos for him. 
5|22592|A thrill. My inner 10 yr old boy did cartwheels for months after seeing this movie.
5|13997|Well written script, where all characters were fully realized. The audience got to understand each character's motivations and desires and fears. Very interesting to watch the main character, Will Hunting, because he was so complex. He was violent and vulgar on the one hand, but a genius and funny on the other. This movie had a great message underlying: everyone should find their potential, we shouldn't waste our lives because we are only alive for a short time.
5|14020|this movie was just filled with talent. julia roberts as shelby was lovable. sally fields as maylynn shelbys mother was a great performance. darryl hannahs character was irritating. shirley maclaine and olympia dukakis were hilarious especially when they did scenes with each other. those 2 were my favorite. its funny its sad its happy all in one
5|5562|It can't be rated high enough.
5|23840|check out tht champagne bottle in the opening credits. not only a cool metphor, but some of the single best special effects that i have ever seen. kirk goes out like a hero, as i always knew he would, and i enjoyed the brief friendship he had with picard. picard standing over his grave was a little painful: at the risk of sounding like the biggest dork in the world, it put me close to tears, as when optimus prime died in the transformers movie. like losing a big brother. sniffle. malcolm mcdowell is always great, and i really enjoyed his villain, a 300 year old dude whose planet was wiped by the borg (nice touch). he's trying to return to a timeless (edenic) space ribbon but unfortunately killing hundreds of thousands of people in the process. worst points: whoopi goldberg (boring old drag) and data is relentlessly compromised. i'd like to see more stuff like first contact, in which the tin man story can be done with taste and intelligence.
5|12445|Excellent flick. Not perfect, but Osacar nominations are a certainty. 
5|13983|See, here's a movie for which Matt Damon can be fairly judged because of his excelent acting. One of the best movies of all time. Robin Williams is such an inspiration. Damon was at his best!
5|14034|A favorite. No one's sure how accurate we can deem it but I certainly enjoyed the story and it helped me to appreciate Mozart more.
5|1710|Everytime I watch this movie,I simply can't take my eyes of the screen.I am completely hooked.Tom Sizemore has, in my opinion,the best performance in the film.Love war movies,and this one is one of THE war movies.Brilliant.
5|6719|Unquestionably one of the greatest 50s sci-fi movies of all time! Although there aren't many scenes with the monster, his presence is extremely powerful through-out the entire film! This is a must-see for any die-hard fan of science fiction. Hell, it's a must-see for anyone who loves movies!
5|14752|Historically accurate... and it even shows you that both sides were murderous SOBs.
1|20100|It wasn't even scary, nothing in the movie to me would even classify as a horror movie. The best part of the movie sucked, and that was supposed to be the best scene in the movie.
5|7407|Unbelievably funny!!!...Deniro can do it all...just his facial expressions alone,cracked me up.His relationship with Jinxie...stabilized Deniro as a true sensitive comedian when called upon. Stiller's need to impress the Parents,still brings a smile to my face..right up there with Ferris,Bill murray,and even John Candy movies...Rent it again!!!
5|8734|The best comedy of the year! Don't listen to the critics who says it isn't sexy: This film is the most sexy I've seen on a long time [probably since Out of Sight] miles more sexy than the romantic film Notting Hill! Many cute girls one cute boy stars in this different comedy about boys sex. It's about being virgin what's the best technic to get laid: Should you say what you feel or try to play romantic soft? The message is obvious at the end: Soft is best in the length! Preper for real fun DON'T go with your parents! It's a generation film, like The Celebration, The Other Side of Sunday, Breaking the Waves probably also Idioterne, though I haven't seen that one yet... :-)
5|12323|Serenity employs an ingenious opening sequence to catch up viewers who are uninitiated in the Firefly 'verse, and then, in the words of River Tam, "I know. We're going for a ride." A thrilling ride. As in his other work, Joss Whedon uses an intricate mix of genres, high drama, action, mystery, humor, and character driven plot to draw the viewer into his world, and then keep the audience on the edge of their seats for the next two hours. Serenity is scifi for the thinking person, where the knuckle-whitening action is there to serve the development of its characters, and the laugh out loud moments let you catch your breath almost in time to gasp in shock. At the same time, the story works on the deeper level of analogy important to all great scifi, commenting on the human need for freedom, for family, for something to believe in, and the willingness of heros to sacrifice themselves for those ideals. Whedon weaves these threads throughout his story, and then trusts his audience to be able to enjoy the action and the deeper significance at the same time. Truly, a rare cinematic treat. 
5|10534|Once in a few years, one movie comes out that is a total surprise to you, and eventully you find out everyone else thought and felt the same way. Home Alone is the best movie of 1990, and Culkin is just such a sweetheart and a great kid.
5|21931|This movie is one of the greatest sequels over made. It has awesome special effects and an intriguing plot that twists and turns. It is a non-stop thrill ride from start to finish.
5|6731|Fantastic film that offers some great chills. It stars Vincent Price at his most scary and perverse in this tale of dark evilness. The rope scene is simply chilling along with the great organ music. GO GET IT TONIGHT.
1|2978|If bad movies were a crime, Ridley Scott would get LIFE imprisonment! I'm mad as hell that this movie has made so much money in its first week! and I wish there was a way that we could all get our money back!! sir Anthony Hopkins was an idiot for accepting the role.... He has lost the respect as a esteemed actor as far as Im concerned! Jodie Foster probably turned it down because she read the script and saw that it SUCKED!! 
5|4126|So bizarre. Candy Man one of my alltime favorite songs. The tunnel scene is one of the scariest moments in all of film.
5|11602|i liked it i thoght it was a pretty funny movie.
1|15193|GAY! No other word for this Tobey MacGuire crapfest. Man what a chick flick! 
5|5238|There is so much tosee in this, just seeing once isn't enough. I have seen it more times than I care to count, but every now and then I see something I missed before. We all know where the yellow brick road goes, but I wonder about the that red brick road that starts in the circle with it. Where does that go?
5|3891|I truly can t say anything bad about this movie. Its simply wonderful. Period. Its definitely my favorite Disney movie. Anyone who bashes this movie has either 1- never seen it, or 2- has no taste whatsoever. A++
5|2231|great movie !!!!!! It was my favourite movie before i have seen : Arlington road 
5|7349|I think this movie is really funny, good work!
5|15302|Very good, very disturbing, and rather uncomfortable. Baldwin for once, is actually competent in this, and the rest of the cast is brilliant.
5|13773|This was a really great movie, and one of my favourites. It's really worth watching. It's original and really well acted by everyone. It's a fairly long movie but it keeps your attention throughout. It is a little graphic though so it's not for the weak stomached.
5|6057|Direct,simple western;but a great political film at the same time,one of the best in timing in all the history of cinema(it happens in real time . 
1|10799|Pretty brutal. I found myself braindead and tired on a Sunday night, and Taxi with Jimmy Fallon and Queen Latifah was on cable. And I watched it. Awful storyline, cutesie dialogue, tons of cliches - very painful to watch. Not recommended. 
5|15316|Great movie. The acting was superb and the plot well thought out. The tone of this movie was uplifting and it reaches out to all people who have a gift or dream that has not been realized.
5|13767|Really really good movie... read the book... just as good if not better
5|6043|if tjis is not a testament to today i dont know what is 
5|17501|For me this movie was really worth watching. Of course I have an advantage since I've lived a year in Chile speak English fluently, but most parts was however hard to get because the Mexican slang was very commonly in this movie. Of that reason the text became essential to me, but unfortunately this is a quite white movie, so most of the time it was almost impossible to read the text. So as you see the pictures became the most important part of my experience. And I liked it! Not immediately, but after a while I got a huge sympathy for many of the characters, like the brother who was in love with his sister the old guerillero who got a chance to see his daughter again couldn't stop thinking of her. The movie had it's funny touchy parts! Well worth watching! And I learned a new slang for 'money': In Chile we say 'plata' (silver), obviously in Mexico they say lana (wool). :-)
1|15839|While reading your opinions on this movie I was astonished. In all sincerity I can't image how you guys could have possibly seen this movie for more than a vulgar pornographic flick. I can't believe that seventeen year old children can walk in off the street and see this film, for this our society's moral standards should be reviewed. One would have to agree that all played their roles well..they were all full of emotion and very dramatic. Still I just can't see how anyone would find a film that makes sex look so dirty, so amazingly good. Most at our show left appauled. Anyone who enjoys this movie would have to be slightly twisted and lacking something in their own sexual relations. I just really feel that this movie should have been rated NC-17.
5|4654|Children's classic with lots of heart. Every child should read the book and view the movie.
5|11170|Even thinking about this movie makes me chuckle. I just spontaneously start giggling when I think about those characters. Yes, the movie is way too crude and raunchy, even for my tastes, but the creativity of Eddie Murphy's characters makes up for that. This is not Shakespeare, so it's not the subtlety of the script I'm interested in. Okay, the truth is... I fast forward through the dumb parts , but the good parts are really, really good. 
5|16179|Too long, went with 3 teenagers so they were bored to tears but there are some scenes that are simply amazing to behold the story is weak predictable but getting DDL to play a yank and LDC to play Irish is a risk but it works CD is the weak link. Love the scenes in the Chinese club! U2 song overrated
5|17267|Perfect.
5|18154|Rosemary's Baby is terrific. Mia Farrow was great
5|10508|One of Eddie Murphy's greatest films. Even Arsenio couldn't mess this film up.
5|3885|Best. Disney movie. Ever.
5|13001|If God had not created dog,this would then be classified man's best friend.The source of all wisdom(well..for buisness at least)for men?...I feel no man makes decisions in life without first contemplating what the'Don'would do in a perticular situation.Using quotes from this movie has landed me in hotwater many times with the boss...sometimes it becomes a reflex to apply a quote in certain circumstances example:after been yelled at my reflex quote to my boss was thus"I promise you either your signature or,your brains will be on this contract...."ooops!
5|9416|Too cute, too perfect and I still love it. This remake is just as good as the original. Steve Martin is hilarious and I just love Kimberly Williams. Simple fluffy fun.
5|15470|This movie was based on the prison system and how innocent people are wrongly accused. The prisoner accused of the crime was sentenced to death when his partner only got life. The one who got life was wealthy and could afford a good legal defense, while the one sentenced to death was poor and had to have council appointed for him. It shouldn't matter if you are a person who is rich or poor, if they did the crime they should pay for it.
5|8708|American Pie is the best comdey in high school this year! A fantastic movie for young adults and teenagers. Although there are some pretty rude bits in the movie, other bits make up for it. Jason Biggs, the main actor in American Pie, is a great actor and he has a great future infront of him. The reason why i give this movie 5 stars is because you can relate to the movie, well,I can see all this happening at my school, but not in 3 weeks!
5|6916|Five stars? Surely you can't be serious. I am serious. And stop calling me Shirley. One of those movies that's so painful, it's good. 
5|24646|It's a highly underrated Star Trek movie! After saving Earth from the alien probe in ST:IV, the Enterprise crew is on vacation on Earth, but soon they will find themselves out to rescue alien ambassadors taken hostage on the planet of Galactic Peace. The humor in this movie is one the driving forces, as well as the interaction between Kirk, Spock and McCoy. The special effects (especially the ones of the Enterprise in spacedock) are excellent. The acting is great and the plot is solid.
5|23129|David Bowie is HOT as the goblin king, Jarreth. I was a little girl when the movie came out and now my little girl loves it as much as I do. Jennifer Connley was great as the big sister who wishes her brother away and then goes on a journey to save him from becoming a goblin. I love the music and the overall look of the movie is beautiful.
5|11825|I LOVED this movie
5|8085|That rug really tied the room together. One of my favorite comedies, pop it in when you had a bad day. 
5|22551|Batman has to be considered an absolute classic. A movie that uses just enough of the comics but combines real life attributes to make Batman seem almost possible. A cast including Michael Keaton, Jack Nichalson, and Kim Basinger make the story one to watch. Keaton delivers big here, and of course, Jack Nicholson as the Joker steals the show.
1|10772|God only knows what Harold Ramis was thinking..... 
5|13798|A great movie with very good acting. It causes one to wonder what it is really trying to say, but movies like that are always good.
5|8091|Hilarious movie. Screw you if you dont like it. It's one of the funniest movies ever!
1|10766|Awful! This movie is lame!!!
1|8266|ok i am the only one i think from what i glanced at that hated this movie. :( sorry:( i really have no opinion i just didnt like it for some reason.
5|18815|OMG, it was SCAREY! For teens like me who saw it, we almost pissed ourselves. After my cousin saw it, he unplugged his TV when he got home and my best friend accidentally stepped on the remote and turned the TV on, though she didn't know she did and she screamed SOO loud! I thrive on the thrill.
1|12171|Another attempt at a Bret Easton Ellis novel being made into a movie, and yet another failure. Why can't they find a good director, screen writer, or even producers to make one of his books into a movie that is actually worth watching? It is a complete travesty, and I find it very surprising that Bret would allow his books to be butchered so massively without any care in the world. I almost cried by how horrible this movie was....you would be better off reading the novel, trust me.
5|249|I like the gore and violence. I like the acting. It was a great movie.
5|17298|A wonderful movie. It really has two plots in one. Roberto Benigni{sp?} is terrific as a jewish man who in the first half of the movie fall in love and pursues the woman of dreams.The tactics he takes to win her over are funny and romantic. Coming in to her classroom pretending to be an inspector, following her to the theater and taking her for a ride. etc. Meanwhile the horror of the Holocaust is closing in on them and getting worse. The second half of the movie is when they are married and have an adorable five year old boy. Robertos character and his wife and son are taken to the concentration camp. The boy and dad are together. To keep Joshua from the horrors of what is really going on he invents a game for the boy to win a tank.This movie has some comedy. but it is shows the sacrifice the dad makes for his boy to get him through this horrific experience.
5|16186|Great flick. Daniel Day Lewis was incredible in this movie. I liked how the movie's plots were on such a grand level (civil war, politics, gangs, immigration) all while in a tiny setting of about 1 or 2 blocks: great juxtapositioning. Also, I liked how Leonardo's friend in the movie was Eliot from ET!!
5|6902|This is Leslie Neilsen's best movie. I love the auto pilot scenes. The sequel is a complete disappointment though.
5|14949|Best movie I have ever seen. Absolutly love it!
5|2594|I loved this movie. Alright, ya, it was freaky. Kinda weirded me out at times....but the plot was great! It's a classic thriller! The villan was definetly scarey. And we could feel for J-Lo. I loved it, but if you are easily freaked out, its not for you!
5|18183|This movie is hardcore. Heads were blown off, zombies were blown up and they shot a baby in the face. And its all topped off with some frontal nudity. It is the greatest zombie related movie ever. Its what Resident Evil should have been.
5|261|This is the best movie I've ever seen. Its old school combat is off the hook and the Queen is hella fine.
5|21702|No words. I can't describe it. Wait, yes I can... The acting was incredible, but far surpassing even the charms of Orlando Bloom is the majesty of the special effects. The editing is seamless and absolutely astounding. The entire trilogy is breathtaking, but this one takes the cake. The first 4 times that I saw it, I bawled. Yeah, I'm a fan. 
1|11450|Maxine is the girl who's feelin' all right, thanks to the magic of kid DY-NO-MITE!!
1|2005|I am disappointed at this movie. It's not scary AT ALL!!! The plot is week and Ford's acting is a joke (as usual). Pfeiffer did well tho. Still, the movie is not worth watchin.
5|6094|Best movie of the 1930's. Wonderful fantasy which remains fresh after seven decades. Top direction, acting, and makeup bring the bizarre characters of the Monster, the Bride, and Pretorius to life, and once seen they are never forgotten. Undergirded and given depth by touching on timeless philosophical questions--the relationship of man to Creation (and a Creator?), the purpose and moral responsibility of science, society's treatment of rejects or outsiders, and even the nature and core of religion. Yokes humor and pathos like few movies.
5|1923|Nicholas Cage and John Travolta, what more could you ask for? Two of the greatest actors in the movie. This was a great movie.
5|21064|Great movie with a sad ending. He was a great talent engulfed by self indulgence. The movie showed the creativity behind the man. Such a waste of talent. It is really sad.
1|14528|What the hell were they thinking when they came up with this movie idea, Its sucks ,one of the most boring movie I have seen
5|16810|Jim Carrey CAN act??? It's a miracle! Great film with excellent direction, and oscar-calibur performance by Martin Landau.
5|507|Probably my favorite movie of all time. Scorsese captures the personalities of that era/lifestyle flawlessly. Every word in the dialogue and every song on the soundtrack are so carefully hand-picked...This is one of those few movies that simply won't get old. I plain-and-simple can not watch the scene where Pesci critiques his mom's artwork without cracking up laughing. ( I love it. One dog goes one way, another dog goes the other. And the guy in the back, he's sayin' 'What you want from me?' )
5|16804|This is one of the best romantic films of all time. It's a tear-jerker and proves how unforgettable love is.
5|5589|Perhaps Hollywood's most legendary film. Casablanca not only succeeds in pleasing audiences over and over again, it is also one of the most important works of cinema history. Bogart Bergman are backed up by a stellar supporting cast of Heinreid, Rains, Veidt, Greenstreet and Lorre. What more is there to say?
5|513|This movie is absolutely my favorite gangster movie. It's a great storyteller that doesn't lose you at all. It's a 2 1/2 hour movie that doesn't even feel like one because it keeps you in so much suspense. I love it. Every actor played a vital role in this movie.
1|10982|I wish Martin Lawrence would stop making movies because he is really starting to bug me. This is the worst one yet. He just recycled Tootsie and made it black which is absolutely pointless and unfunny.
1|18306|WOW this sucked. Horrible acting by no name actors and Wes Craven must have been asleep behind the camera to create such a stupid movie. Ready here is an easy formula for anyone interesed in making horror films- GORE DOES NOT EQUAL SCARY!!! Go out and watch the Shining instead
1|17035|This movie totally sucked. There was no plot what so ever and the actors didn't do their best. It was nothing that I expected at all. I expected it to be a suspense/horror film. The main character was really psycho and the murder scenes were very grusome.
5|1089|Artistic, stylish, sexy - captivating view of the human race - the Cohens did again!!!
5|275|One of the best triumphant and heartbreaking movies I've ever seen
5|3846|great thrilling movie
5|21716|The entire Lord of the Rings trilogy is just so amazing that it's hard to describe. But the Return of the King is so amazing, it's *impossible* to describe! This movie is something grand to behold from start to finish. The costumes, the sweeping camera, the lush landscapes, everything is just superb! Although, what really makes this movie is the characters. We've watched them through this long journey and now here it is ... what ultimatly becomes of our beloved characters! It is so heartfelt and moving, I must have cried 15 times throughout!! And what an amazing beautiful cast of actors and actresses! Very very very good! The Return of the King feels like less of a movie and more like magic. Or Movie Magic as they say! :)
5|19289|If you want a horror movie more concerned with a story than blood and guts, then Identity is definitely worth your while. Finally there's a scary movie out there without some superhuman madman going on a murderous rampage. Great performances from an ensemble cast carry this movie from beginning to end and through a few plot twists that you won't see coming. An overall entertaining movie that will leave a lasting impression!!!
5|922|See this one and avoid 3 and 4.
5|5760|for me, it is probably the most brilliant and intelligent movie ever made, with such a wonderful cast and director. I recommend you to watch the kiss'scene and listen to what they say with a second degree. I 'm so chocked john Woo dared take the subject of this chef d'oeuvre for such a average movie as MI2. But every one should see THIS WONDERFUL FILM.
5|6269|I was entirely exhausted after the dining room scene. It never fails to amaze me everytime I see it. Great movie!
5|22948|One of the best movies of the early 70s, and clearly Stanley Kubrick's masterpiece. A wild, upsetting, shocking exploration of violence. Don't rent this movie if you're easily offended. But if you're interested in an extremely well-made movie that offers no easy answers, give it a shot.
5|8244|This movie had me rolling in the aisle with laughter.
5|7177|Chevy Chase's career is justified by this one film, even if he's made a bunch more that tarnish our memory of him. And Aunt Edna and Christie Brinkley play their parts perfectly as well!
5|8522|steve martin is pure genius in this. one of the best comedies of all time.
1|3680|Vin Disel makes an effort in this awful action thriller, that looks almost like a TV film. A Man Apart tells the story of a man who loses his wife during a shootout, and then decides to take revenge on the killers. The film drags on for about one hour too long, and the action scenes are overdone. Disel is good, but his action skills are hardly anything special.
1|20316|Jason Takes Manhatten is just a very very bad movie. Why you ask? Well,first the movie really doesn't take place in Manhatten. It takes place on a boat and than there in manhatten at the last 15 mins of the movie. -8 mins in the sewers. Then,the deaths.The death scenes were weak.There's a coal/rock death,gkass slashing,and the boxing death being one of the goofiest deaths ever.Than last,there's the awful acting.Horrible,like in most of the F13 movies but in this,they don't even attempt to act,even the lead character.And is that ugly little kid that haunts the girl actually scary? Geez. This movie is terrible.Do not watch this movie,I warned you.
5|7611|This is one of the very best mainstream movies produced in the last ten years. I've seen it five times now, and every time I see it I like it more (it's rare for me to watch a movie more than twice). The music is incredible, the characters are sympathetic, accessible, and oftentimes hilarious, and the script is well-written. That scene at the end with the nooses and the men digging the graves, singing Lonesome Valley gives me goose bumps. 
5|2769|wow!! this move it terrific!!! It makes feel proud to be a woman!!! You go girls!!!!!
1|24170|Jeez I hate Michael Bay and Jerry Bruckheimer. The sappiness and cornyness was spewing out my ears when I left the theater. They try to hard to keep a PG-13 rating, which makes them absolute phonies. The Horror...The Horror...
5|19060|The BOM !!!!!
5|5012|This is a funny film! The animation is perfectly melded with the live-action actors. The jokes are great and come in all forms--movie references, classic Looney Tunes jokes, slapstick, and even great moments that break the fourth wall! Steve Martin is particularly notable as the head of Acme. Starting with a bang, and never slowing down, this movie is simply great fun!
5|12121|very funny, i saw it in the movies and adam sandler is a pothead.
1|3694|This movie has an amazing actor Robert Denero to help build its hype. But even though the concept was good the acting and scenes of violence ruined the movie.
5|7605|Great all around movie. Not overwhelmingly funny, but it has its moments. I can see where some people wont like it, but for those who do, it will become one of their favorites.
1|20302|Unimaginative, senseless garbage.
5|9628|My all time favorite comedy. I love this movie. The sequel ruined it though.
5|15896|I really enjoyed this movie. There were so many famous people and I think that made it more interesting. It is a really funny movie and definitely worth going to see.
5|13559|Well, if you have read any of my other movie reviews, you will know that it is not odd that I JUST saw this movie. I did hear great reviews of American Beauty and I know that it won best picture, however, I really had no clue what it was about. I was intrigued and captivated throughout the entire movie. Shocking, surreal yet eerily possible. The characters were definitely the extreme, however I am afraid that in this day and age, they weren't too far off the mark. Kevin Spacey and Annete Bening gave extraordinary performances. There are definitely some very disturbing issues being tackled, or explored, but this is surely a movie worth seeing. It was comedic as well as entertaining and thought provoking and ironic.
5|1512|The best movie I have ever seen in my entire life. I have seen it over 1000 times (went through 2 vhs copies before I got my dvd). There isn't enough good things I can say about this movie. Instead, I just make people watch it, and I've yet to hear a complaint. I have the scenes, script, soundtrack, and score memorized. It's just such a powerful movie. I've yet to have such a cathartic response with another film as I've had with 'The Crow'. Romantic, violent, wry, heart-wrenching, satisying... one of the greatest films ever made, in my opinion.
5|14236|A very well done movie.This is based on the life of mathematician John Nash. Russell Crowe did a wonderful job portraying John Nash and his battle with schizophrenia. I really felt for John and the demons that he delt with his mental illness. I felt this movie showed a real brutal honesty about how hard it must be to deal with schizophrenia.Ron Howard won a much deserved oscar for his directing. I would recommend this movie. It is a bit too long though.
5|15128|Realistic and bizarre at once. Good characters, not normal Hollywood types.
5|7163|Although I don't like Chevy Chase, this was one of his better films. I love the part where they go to their white trash in-laws house for a stop-over and have to drag the old aunt along with her Cujo-like dog. Fantastic.
1|24602|Atrocious acting.Stupid script.No amount of great special effects or hi-tech makeup jobs could salvage this heap of dung.SEE THE ORIGINAL!!!
5|5774|The greatest screenplay ever!
5|10050|This movie is hallirous! The little boy is dang cute! It has something for everyones taste! If you have not seen it yet i suggest that you go down to blockbuster right now and rent it, you will luv it!!
5|6255|while the political correct talking heads of today love to sarcastically call charlton heston the 'moses of the national rifle association', he nontheless, is an imposing figure, an excellent choice as moses, and cecil b.demille told the story of moses leading the jews out of israel well in this production...a good family film for any occasion..
5|9166|This was a very well thought out movie, and goes down as one of the best I have ever seen. John Malkovich plays a great role, as well as John Cusak and Camron Diaz. A story about an a puppetier that finds work as a filing person, and discovers a portal into the head of actor John Malkovich. Being someone else is deffintly the theme of this story in more ways than one, and by seeing this great flick, you will understand what I mean. Deffinitly a movie that moves onto my all time top ten list. A must see!
5|5984|One of the best dialogue driven comedies ever.
5|2033|I give this movie a 5 because to me I think this is one of the most scariest movies that I've seen. It was very dramatic and has the best storyline, it makes you think what's going to happen next, and then jumps right at you.
1|9391|Fake!
5|18424|I love all the Omen movies. Really creepy if you read Revelations. Damien's rise to power over the course of the films is one to make you hope this one remains fiction!
5|17717|scared the heck out of me this movie is supencefull creepy errie scary it has a certain quality that stands out from other horror films go rent it all movie fans especailly horror movie fans will most likely like or even love halloween. really a good movie
1|8931|it was VERY STUPID!
5|4324|I totally think Shrek should be the top movie! It was awesome!
5|15666|AMAZING movie, great music, great writing, great acting, great story.... and shakespeare is HOT
1|16840|legend of uncle tom, more like.
5|14578|great film 
1|3864|I only saw 'Speed 2: Cruise Control' once. Never have I been more disappointed at a sequel. Reviewer harold-insane said it right: What happened? Well, I have three words to describe it: This blows chunks!
5|6533|As good as the book... My favorite bit of editing is the jump from the scene where the body is found to the train. 
5|9600|My favorite movie after Animal House . This movie is definately a classic on my list.
5|1248|I saw this for the first time at a midnight showing and I loved it so much! This movie is one of the all-time greatest movies!
5|6527|A great movie. Jack Lemmon if perfect as the guy who works for a huge office.He lets other men use his apartment for affairs. In hope of a promotion one of the men he lets use his apartment is one of the big wigs Played by Fred MacMurray{playing a creep this time} The woman FRed has an affair with is played by Shirley MacClaine, Jacks character really likes this woman. He ends up helping her out during a very low point in her life. Now he wants her for himself even if it means no promotion and going against his creep of a boss. VEry well acted all around especially by Jack Lemmon as the put upon guy.
5|13203|GREAT GREAT GREAT!!!!
5|18356|Beautiful! This film's a classic! The script's really amazing and wow... I've been a big fan of this film and its been my #1 fav. film for about a year by now (almost). 
5|2741|This is one of my favorite movies, i have seen it so many times but it never gets old because it's got three girls who dress fashionably and can kick some MAJOR butt
5|11414|I loved this book as a child and so I was thrilled when I found out they were remaking this film. It didn't disappoint at all. Steve Martin and Bonnie Hunt are at their best, hilarious and loving in a toned down sort of way. The child actors were all surprisingly good and distinct so that you felt like you knew all twelve. This is one of the best family films I've seen in a while. Wholesome and heart-warming, it does suffer a few slapstick, messy jokes but that just makes the kids happy. I definitely recommend it for the whole family.
1|13092|I see Piano gets several OSCARS. I guess if you make a film about the holocaust you are guaranteed an OSCAR. Gee, what a surprise.
5|5990|This film is amazing. How can you go wrong with Hepburn AND Stewart?!
5|17703|Jamie Lee's debut and as a great scream queen. This slasher was really scary. It idea of an unstoppable boogey-man is truly frightening. This is one of John Carpenter's good ones.
5|5748|See if you can figure out why the birds kill people. If you can't, the story is my Daphne du Maurier, and Hitchcock edited out the final scene in the film (which explained).
5|22960|wow. an amazing movie which touchs on the human race and its moronic self-destructive ways. less civil than damn apes. i had the extreme displeasure of seeing this movie more or less back to back with the new one (with makers mark.) its saddening how foul the movie industry has turned. really. saddening. i dont understand. i still have some hope. but then again, with all the morons around...i doubt it. 
5|6241|Classic movie with Humphrey Bogart. The suspense, the plot make this an old black and white film classic. I love the movie. It keeps you guessing and when you thought the main character was doomed he found a way to prevail.
5|13565|Excellent movie with a unique plot and great actors. Kevin Spacey is seen to be slightly mental in the beginnning and not likable, as well. Yet, as the movie continues, he is a great character whom you feel for.
5|15114|One of the best movies I've ever seen. The actors and performances were the best. I went to see this movie because I loved the book, and for the first time wasn't disappointed with the movie.
5|12690|Moore is great! He's less a great filmmaker than he is someone who exposes things for what they are. He may be America's most valuable citizen because he cares enough to make his case. And in a culture that has a 48-hour memory span, he documents our world for all time.
5|8287|One of my favorite comedies. Cage and Hunter were hilarious.
5|20144|One of the best horror movies I have ever seen makes you think.
1|23804|hahahahahaahahaahah!
5|15841|This is a wonderful film. See it. Think for youself.
5|9827|The subway scene is great who wouldn't like that
5|22035|This was the only film I've ever seen where people left the theater to go to the bathroom only to watch the remainder of the movie from a safe distance behind the safety of the porthole-like circular window just outside of the theater. I went to the bathroom (very fast. . .I didn't want to miss anything) I passed these few people watching ALIENS through the porthole. Are you going back in? I asked. They shook their heads and said it was too scary. This was the greatest sci-fi experience I will ever have at the movie theater. ALIENS is still awesome on DVD, but you had to be there. . .anyone else have a story like this? Also represents James Cameron at his artistic apex- His TITANIC days have made him highly annoying.
5|15699|All around awesome movie. Great story, effects and acting. Boldly dives into Heaven and Hell like no other movie has ever done.
5|14593|it was the movie that woke america up to what was happening in places like south central and awareness to that there was more than just a news article it was real people with real hopes and dreams and not being able to achieve them and young men losing their lives over a color. something that should have been gotten over in kindergarten. ice cube shows his capability of becoming a well known actor and he has come far since this movie. cuba gooding jr has done his fair share of good and bad movies. thought he would do much better though
5|22021|Best in the series. Even though originality had worn off it had a great story, good acting and good effects. You just don't get good acting these days. And as someones already said this was years ahead of the other films around. One of my favourite films.
5|21528|I just got back from seeing this. IT WAS AWESOME!!!! I really wasn't crazy about Phantom Menace and Attack Of The Clones was so-so. I was worried that this one would be lacking as well, but to my pleasant surprise it wasn't. There was a lot of great action and this movie tied together all the details from Episode 4. I can't wait to watch the original Star Wars again with a new perspective. Thanks for making this one great George!!!
1|7431|rich in craptacualarity!
5|20636|This movie is AWESOME. Outstanding preformances by John Travolta and Olivia Newton John. These movie is incredibly funny but as a younger child i really hated it. I did not understand Grease at all. That was such a waste. The movie has very catchy tunes. I havent seen it in about a month yet i still find myself humming them on occasion.
5|28|This movie will always be a classic.
1|24819|How can anyone give this piece of crap more than one star. This movie is terrible, we're talking Plan Nine from Outerspace terrible. I admire Travolta's misguided efforts to bring one of the works of his demigogue to life. However, this book is a bad book, and bad books only make bad movies. I can only assume that all of the actors with any name recognition were followers of Scientology, and that is the only reason why this film was not locked into a vault. The unbelievable nature of the film cannot be denied. No one beyond the age of four could possibly be held in disbelief for one simple reason: gold is not the most presious metal on the planet, let alone the universe. The plot and reality mistakes just get worse as the movie goes on. Do not consider this movie unde any circumstances.
5|10093|A fantastic movie; side splittingly funny at times, romantic, poignant. It plays on the rabbi/priest stereotypes with humour but sensitivity. The happy ending is of course not unexpected but the film sets out to end on a happy note, friendship prevails. A strong directing debut from Edward Norton, one of the most talented actors around today, and he, Jenna Elfman and Ben Stiller are all very believable in their roles. A great movie.
5|17924|This is only one horror movie that scares me and I refuse to watch it.
1|7357|Pretty bad.
5|8293|At last, a fresh and energetic look at Christianity! An outragously funny film that doesn't take itself to seriously. For all you loud mouth christians out there who find this movie blasphemous, just read the credits before the flick starts. They state it is a work of fiction, and not to be taken seriously. Although, alot of the points it makes begs to be taken seriously. Alanis Morrisette as God is a piece of genius. I am not a big Chris Rock fan, but as Rufus, the 13th Apostle, he is terrific. Semla Hayek as Serandipity the Muse is perfect. THis is a great film. Asw for Christians being offended, Hell, I am a devout Atheist and even Iwas offended!
1|19226|I'm sure it would be a good movie for people who like horror movies and such, but I saw the ad for it and I was terrified! It looks really freaky, and if I liked horror (which I don't) I would love this movie, but for now, you wouldn't catch me dead (no pun intended) watching this movie.
1|24831|John Travolta keeps making this kind of movie and he will be back to playing Vinny Barbarino on Welcome Back!
5|7188|They can't do that to our pleges - only WE can do that to our pleges! So un-PC and funny it wouldn't get filmed today.
1|17223|I rate this film terrible with the same confidence that I gave the murderous dictator Joseph Stalin a one-star ranking in another RIA category. With a star-studded cast like this (Helen Hunt, Richard Gere, Kate Hudson, Farrah Faucet, Laura Dern, etc...) you'd think there would be something redeeming about the plot, characters, anything! There is nothinig good to say about this film. I issue a challenge to find something good about this film, the very worst film I've seen except perhaps for Caddyshack II, The Last Unicorn, and Dark Crystal. Actually, Dark Crystal may have been better than this.
5|6296|Julie Andrews should have got it, she can sing!
1|11652|david spade is not funny
5|12874|A great work of art by Stephen King. Brilliant, a Masterpiece. Very well written and thought out. The storyline is extremely tight & well constructed. This film should have won the Oscar for Best Picture but unfortunately it came out the same year as Forest Grump. Forest Grump won the Best Picture Oscar because it was oatmeal for the masses and could be digested easily. When I saw Shawshank Redemption in New York City you could hear a pin drop. That's how captivating a story it is. When the sadistic prison guard captain beat the new inmate to death the audience's eyes were glued to the moviescreen. The film speaks volumes about feelings of despair and hope. The Count of Monte Cristo would have been proud of Andy Dufresne.
5|7836|One of the funniest and best movies I've ever seen. Only Jack Nicholson could have played the part of Melvin, anyone else would have not been funny. Helen Hunt is also great. Some of the lines in this movie are just hilarious (ex. People who talk in metaphors ought to shampoo my crotch and when he introduces Carol and Simon by saying Uh, Carol the Waitress, Simon the Fag. ) One of my favorite movies. Anyone who doesn't like this movie is either insane or has no sense of humor.
5|23317|Out of the Star Trek Original Series movies (with Capt Kirk), out of all six movies, this would have to be the best. It was so interesting seeing them mix into the 20th century. It was realistic and had a very interesting yet mysterious story line.
5|22009|The Princess Bride is the best movie of all time!
1|4110|A surprisingly dull movie with cheesy special effects, dull story line with dumb songs. I enjoyed the Roald Dahl's book but for some reason I hated this. Not even Gene Wilder could save this one! Let's hope the new one with Johny Deep is way, way, way, way, way, way, way better!
5|3488|I really enjoyed watching this movie because it was non-stop action. There was not a moment in the movie that I was bored. Another reason why I enjoyed this movie is because I like the interesting cars and gadgets 007 has.
5|21500|One of the most innovative, just plain fun movies I have ever seen!! And they didn't need any sex or nude scenes!!
5|10911|Ok this was one of the best movies i have ever seen!The actors and actresses were great!The story was romantic and funny!
5|2782|Don't go to this film expecting anything deep. Take it for what it is and enjoy the ride. Don't get overly critical about some of the technical stuff (like some friends of mine!); that would be like complaining about the script quality of a Saturday morning cartoon. The action really gets the blood going and the humor keeps the movie fresh and fun. It's a great show to catch if your looking to go out and have a good time with friends, and those with kids probably don't have to worry about the PG-13 rating (some of the violence might be too much for those with really young ones). All in all, it's great entertainment that I'd easily recommend to my friends.
5|7822|I'm sorry, but, obsessive compulsive people are funny.
5|6282| Will you stake a fellow American to a meal? 
1|2213|Well said, Genghis, in hindsight this movie did suck.
5|23465|Awesome (adj): anything that leaves you in awe and wonder. By that definition, Signs is AWESOME. An amazing movie. You leave the theater in awe of what you just saw. See this movie!!! 
5|12860|At first i didn't like it but the more i watched it the more i got into the characters and the storyline and how hope plays a big part in this movie. Best prison movie hands down!
1|9346|Is Reese on prozac or something? This movie blows!! 
5|711|one of the most compelling action movies i've ever seen. will definitely always be one of my favorites
1|24825|What was Travolta thinking? Barbarino in space. I kept falling asleep the first time so I thought I'd better watch it again. It was just as bad the second time. Some of the fx were cool but not good enough. I remember panning for gold when I was a kid and getting those big gold bars, NOT! Did Terl give them the smelting equipment? No. I can't beleave anyone set out to make a film this bad. Makes me wonder what was left on the cutting room floor. It's to bad that Rate It! wont let me give it ZERO STARS.
5|17918|the scarest film of all time and i've saw them all
5|21272|The King...The King...I mean, that's enough, but Ann-Margaret is amazing as well. She dances like a spasticated idiot but it's so much fun to watch, and the acting - it's so bad that how could you not think that it's BRILLIANCE!!!!! When he looses his money in the pool, it's so stupid it's hysterical. And you've gotta love the Forte Four singing that cheek to cheek... song. And check out the songs that didn't make it into the film like You're the boss. The King is sex.
1|1685|My husband and I both thought this movie was terrible. The visuals were the only good thing. The fight sceens were to hokey with all the flying. Why did the girl take a horse when she was trying to save Chow Yun Fat if she could just fly through the tree tops? Just to silly for words and a waste of $15.50 
5|17887|This movie freaked me out. Linda Blair did an amazing job, no wonder she had to go into therapy after that. The effects are very good considering that movie is from the 70's. I was disgusted at times, but I think this movies is one of the best movies of that decade. If you don't like horror movies, you might want to skip this one cause this one will freak your freak
5|856|The movie Sixth Sense was the bomb. The little boy had so much courage, and he played his part to the bone.
5|12727|A though-provoking documentary from such an unexpected place to find something like this as inside USA itself. However, to call it a comedy movie is not only silly, but plain disrespectful, especially towards all those men and women that have been killed by guns owned by American citizens or even foreigners...
1|11901|Bad sequel to overrated movie. Disney should be ashamed. Shameless Raven cameo.
5|15048|I have to say that this is one of the best movies I've EVER seen! I think that I love it so much b/c I kould relate to the situation so well. Excellent acting too!
5|14356|this was a greatly powerful movie i used to be a user myself but have since cleaned up my act and that movie hit on every nerve of emotions i wet through and all the pain and suffering felt real. so real. almost to real well thats it this was a good movie
5|13439|This has to be one of the best movies I have seen. Forrest, who has everything stacked against him, overcomes it to do more than anyone could dream of. What a movie.
5|14430|This is a movie you catch for the history lesson, much more than the entertainment value. There's plenty to admire in the movie, though it's heavy subject matter. I'm glad I went last weekend, and felt ashamed I didn't know more about the million people systematically slaughtered during the mid-nineties in Rwanda's Holocaust of sorts. The lesson in the movie is why is makes sense for the UN and its supporting countries to intervene during a major international crisis, which happened too little too late in Rwanda. It's easy to relate to the family that the movie centers around, and seeing all the modern day conveniences in most every scene do much to defeat myths people have of lifestyles in Africa. Big props to the heroic real-life hotel manager who is excellently portrayed by Don Cheadle in the film.
1|16908|I think Ted Turner funded this so he could dress up in a Confederate uniform. Some excellent cinematography is utterly wasted in this tedious, overblown pompous sequel to the far more competent Gettysburg
5|12041|I thought this film was totally hilarious! I only watched it cos my brother got it for Christmas, and I expected it to be totally pants, but I loved every minute of it, I have never laughed so much at one film. And of course, it has the gorgeous Ashton in it...
5|8456|Oh.....this one was way funnier than the first one.
5|11548|The original Amercan Pie. Laugh out loud hilarity.
5|16227|I ENJOYED THIS PIC..BRUCE PLAYS HIS PART MORE SERIOUSLY THAN YOU ARE USED TO SEEING HIM....LIKED IT BETTER THAN SIXTH SENSE..INTERESTING STORY AND SUBPLOT..ENDING A BIT ODD.
5|20795|Robert Preston and Julie Andrews are fantastic. From their singing to their acting it was very well done. The supporting cast did very well in most cases. A wonderful story. Very different from what is offered most of the time currently. An all-around fun movie that has many humorous moments. Even the former football player is good.
5|10656|Kevin Smith does it again with Mallrats. This movie is insanely hilarious. Jason Lee and Jeremy London both play incredibly funny characters, and the dialogue between the two, although lacking any amount of intelligence, is comic genius.
5|20959|LAWDY! WHAT CAN I SAY?
1|6840|All I can say is I hate this movie and can't believe you all thought it was good enough to rate first.
5|19100|I thought the movie was great because it had a great plot that I have never heard of before. When I saw the movie I must have jumped about six times. I liked the way the movie went one way and made you think it was over, then something else happens to make you jump.
1|22461|The best of the Star Trek movies. The rest don't even deserve one star. When I saw this I kept waiting for Tattoo to run in yelling Boss, Boss, ze starship, ze starship.
5|14424|My God. I don't think I have ever been so horrified by a film. One of the few times I have felt badly to be an American-the depiction of us standing idly by while this horror happened unnerved me.
5|22196|OH BOY.....the matrix, its a funny thing but here am I looking at this thing, wondering, yes WONDERING. Could this be true, is it really going on!? well...... sorta like that. I've been reading a book in the Bible called Ephesians this book written by someone named Apostle Paul he was in prison writting to this particular people telling, explaining who they are and what they are supposed to be doing. LETS FORGET THIS TRADITIONAL STUFF and move on to the REAL, PRESENT, FUTURE! the matrix is only a sci-fi reflection of the TRUTH -----neo saves so does jesus christ.
5|8442|hilliarous
5|12055|I thought this movie was funny! 
1|20276|This movie turned me off in the first 10 minutes. The movie was grotesque and stupid, the story, well, there was no story really. If you like meaningless gore, watch til your hearts content, otherwise avoid this movie like the disease it is about.
5|7771|Adam Sandler is hilarious and I loved this movie! My favorite scenes have to be when he was singing into the intercom that went to the outside of his apartment I wanna kiss you all over and the old Chinese lady came up and you think that is funny but then they show him running out the next morning and she is wearing his shirt and says Hey you don't want breakfast?! then you think GROSS! Also when he sends his grandmother to a retirement home and Ben Stiller plays the man in charge of the retirement home and he makes the grandmother's sew quilts so he can sell them!!!
5|8324|This is probably the best movie I've seen all year. The dialogue is incredibly witty, and their ideas and theories on life are interesting and make you think. The only problem: Silent Bob speaks. Only once, but he's so much more powerful when he doesn't.
5|12733|Perfect! Dead on in terms of it's political statments. Really funny to watch at times, such as when Micheal Moore goes to Canada and tries to figure out why we're not shooting each other. Also very saddening and touching as well. I really wanted to punch Charleton Heston in the face by the end of the film!
5|7017|I only wish Ferris were my friend.
5|1466|I did not like Pulp Fiction. However, I do love this movie, and can't wait for part 2. Great homage to kung fu movies with a definite injection of american style. Very violent, definitely not for kids. The movie is full of symbolism and obscure references that many people will not get. 
5|18578|Great movie, it may not seem scary but I watche dit at like three am and I jumped once or twice. How cool was it when he dismembered his girlfriend? THAT WAS AWESOME! WHat's up with the guy who's rating says "not my kind of movie." You should be dissqualified. people want to now how this movie stacks up not what your favorite color is or if you prefer vanilla over chocolate, you prick.
1|24776|Oh my gawd, I can't believe I PAYED to see this. Did Marvel Comics give them their scrips, or can none of them act at all? This is so cheesy! It's all about the special effects but the acting is an embarrassment.
5|17893|One of the best movies of all time. The horror just builds and builds. A great story that was particularly well acted.
5|22800|Loved it. It was a good introduction into the world of Harry Potter and is faithful to the book in most aspects. The cast did great jobs also. The scenery and Hogwarts itself were wonderful, it's like entering an entirely different world for the duration of the film.
5|6321|One of my all time favorite movies. I know that one day I'll be watching it and Steve McQueen will make it over that damn fence.
5|9012|woody allen is hilarious, and not only does every scene of this movie make you think wow, i thought i was the only one who got that! but some of the scenes are pretty darn amusing, both due to great writing and his ingenious acting.
5|5628|This has to be my all time favorite. It is a wonderful film.
5|2147|All-time great classic! I loved this movie and like usual, Gene Hackman was fantastic
5|4250|Beautifully crafted. Great songs. Classic animation. One of the best Disney animation classics every.
5|18236|This is probably one of the best horror movies around. There is plenty of stupid, senseless gore and as many different colors of blood that you could ever watch. Bruce Campbell portrays the slightly mentally disturbed character very well.
5|2621|Jennifer Lopez made this movie great. Although I didn't understand what was going on a lot of the time, it was worth it for Jennifer Lopez.
5|6447|Crazy, overheated and queer as heck. 
5|9774|Bernie Mac needs his own show! Chris Rock and Chris Tucker she be a king, too. Cedric wasn't as funny as usual.
5|13363|It's a wonderful, fairy tale story. Just a pleasent way to spend a few hours. Tom Hanks is a wonderful actor, and this is great showcase for his talent. Ithe words of the advertising department of TV LAND, this movie has REWATCHABLITY. There is always something enjoyable to see, weather it's the first or fiftieth time you have seen it.
5|15712|I thought this was an excellent movie. Very touching. The relationship between the father and son, how it changes and develops, how the characters react to Kevin Kline's cancer and what he's doing or trying to do before he dies is interesting to watch. It's a movie that makes a person think. I might be a little slanted in how I feel about this movie because I have cancer but I think anyone would like this movie. It's mostly about relationships. Husbands, wives, children, ex's, neighborbs, a whole web of characters. 
5|6453|A MAGNIFICENT movie with a MAGNIFICENT cast.
5|15706|This is beautiful.
5|20965|I personally think this movie is great. It is the classic good girl falls for bad boy and they parents hate it. Dancing is a big part of this movie but i believe that the basic movie has a much larger setting than that. It deals with coming to understand ones self and how someone could change so easily and is not always what people think.
5|2153|I cry every time Shelley dives in.
5|18544|that movie was full of surprises!!!!
5|16569|That movie has a good message. It shows a moral. I would watch it over and over again.
5|11206|very funny jack black is hilarious.
5|4522|Classic.
5|8318|Dogma had great interpretation of scripture although not all information (character names) was 100% accurate. They should have picked someone else to play God, all other characters were a good fit. Silent Bob was great as usual, maybe he could have had one more line.
5|15060|Brilliant. Anyone who can't take their Warren Commission blinders off after watching this film just REFUSES to get it.
5|6335|Wonderful, wonderful movie. It tells the story of 3 war vets who meet by chance on their return home. They all live in the same city, and you get to see how their lives continue and all the heartaches they have to overcome. This is a movie everyone should see at least once. It surely shows that once a man has been to war, things will never be the same again for him.
5|13411|It was very creative and touching. It made me think, can a man(although fictitious)actually experience all these things in life?
1|12213|Trash. Waste of money, time and space. Period. Martin Lawrence is a sitcom actor only. His series was funny, very funny. But his acting in practically all of his movies has been pretty terrible to me. I do like him though, just not in movies.
5|20756|I LOVE IT!
5|10695|Very funny movie about a man who takes his job very serious in being a waterboy.
5|21448|Without a doubt, the most important film of the last half of the 20th century. This brought film-making into a whole new light. Completely changed the way the film industry handled movies. It created the term summer blockbuster and also made film merchandising almost as important as the film itself (this isn't always a good thing). What really makes it fantastic for me is that it takes me back to childhood. I was shy of nine years old when it came out, and I didn't have any idea it was the enormous success that it turned out to be. I just knew I loved it. We acted out scenes from the movie and had hours of fun doing it. My cousin, who wasn't nearly as well-versed in the Star Wars script as I was, would take my direction, and we would act out the swing to safety scene, and we would have lightsaber battles using small tree branches when necessary. All the while, I was telling her what to say and what to do. A director's work is hard. Anyway, we had so much fun doing it, and it's all because of that movie. Now, when I mention Star Wars people role their eyes at me, because they think that's all I like to talk about. They aren't totally wrong about that, I must admit. There is an acquaintance of mine who turns her nose up whenever I mention the words Star Wars . What I don't tell her is that I wouldn't mention them nearly as much if she wouldn't act that way. She acts like Star Wars is some weird thing that nobody gets but me. I try to explain to her the billions of dollars in ticket sales and she says it's only because of people like me. She can't get it through her thick head that people of all races, creeds and colors like Star Wars. I've met people in toy stores who had grandchildren, and I said very innocently your grandchildren will love that , and they say we're not buying it for our grandchildren, we're buying it for us! Star Wars appeals to people of all ages too, I guess. Anyway, Star Wars to me is a wondrous film, and I hate to think of what life would be like without it.
1|7551|I tend to enjoy British comedy, but this really sucks.
5|9953|This movie was hilarious. Although it was a bit demented (even for me, Captain Inappropriate) it made me laugh and succeeded in a spoof of recent flicks. Very clever and funny.
1|19420|made no sense at all
5|15935|I have never cried so much at a movie before. This was the ultimate love story, boy meets girl, girl dies, boy dies. I mean, come on, what else is there to say? He walked through a desert for like a month all for her!
5|9947|The movie began itself with a humorous sight. It was basically funny from beginning to end. The director did a great job making fun of the other movies.
5|24524|I loved this movie! I found it original and fresh with marvelous actors like Christian Bale and a uniqur storyline.
1|11068|This movie looks so boring to me.
5|20742|this movie was incredible!!..takes place as the best gay musical in the world!!...thats what i think..loved it!
5|2812|Yeah, it's just an action moive, but I love it! Pierce Brosnan is as good a 007 as any in my eyes. I enjoyed the actors as well as the plot (which some would say is non existant). This movie has that classic Bond vibe.
5|17850| Madness can be brutal. Especially in the hands of God or Kubrick as most call him. This is his only true horror film. Not in the since of Halloween or Friday the 13th. But as a film dealing with the frailty of the mind and age old precsence of evil.Jack is on scary SOB. I think this a timeless epic horror film. It will be cherished as a classic for years to come. Thank you Kubrick! 
5|881|There is drama, suspense, and horror film, all in one movie. Great acting from the stars, especially the little boy. The twisted ending makes the movie something to talk about. The movie doesn't drag, and it makes the viewer aware of the world around him\her. Great, great storyline which is diverse for everyone.
5|12928|i love this movie, it's got an excellent storyline !!!!!
5|14381|I have no clue how to start. The movie is breath taking. Not only was there a superb case (including ellen burstyn, jennifer conelly, jared leto, and marlon wayans) but the effect the movie had on me was amazing. I had just finished reading the novel and immediately had to see the movie. the reality of it makes you sick to your stomach, but the reality keeps you from turning away. Marlon Wayans perfomed astoundingly well, a major turn from his somewhat comical roles he normally assumes. Ellen Burstyn's performance brought me to tears. I would highly recommend this show to any true movie fan.
5|5833|The greatest movie ever made. Period. It doesn't get any better than this. No film has had more influence, more impact, more study than this film. And it's not undeserved. The direction is fluid and exquisite, the acting pitch perfect, and the cinematography, oh the cinematography, might be the best in any movie ever. #1 on everbody's list, and thats as it should be.
1|15540|One star because of the music. I HATED this movie! What was the Academy high on when they made this win best picture? Leonardo DiCaprio can't even play dead, he's such a horrible actor. And no one else did much better. Plus, it was about three hours and fourteen minutes too long. If you don't get what I'm implying, please see me. It was such a pointless movie. I have no plans to ever see it again.
5|671|This was an exciting, yet depressing view of Vietnam. I love this movie. One of Stanley Kubrick's best films.
5|12900|I never understood the hype about this movie until just recently when I caught the last half of it on TV. Incredible storyline, excellent acting, and very moving without being sappy. The script, especially the monologues for Morgan Freeman's character, was extremely well written. Great movie!
1|11726|Different? Yes. If you ever decide to watch this movie you better have a 12 pack or a gun. Because you are gonna wanna get drunk or kill yourself. I watched it at the drive-in and cars were passing each other to get out of the damn place. 
5|6484|Spectacular, Marvolous, Perfect. Pretty high praise for a movie. But all these are totally deserving in one of the greatest if not THE greatest classic mystery movie of all time. Humphrey Bogart is superb in his role as the wise-cracking chick magnet Philip Marlowe, and Lauren Bacall ( who is never dissapointing and is the only female alive who can make smoking look good ) is magnificent as the sexy, deep voiced love interest. It has comedy, action, and taught suspense. Definitely a must see for any fans of movies.
5|23263|Finally snagged the DVD in order to get a copy that wasn't so severely truncated. This is the flick that started it all for me; hokey and sexist in places, but the effects! The Krell interior shots carry me away each and every time. Breathtaking for youngsters, but a fantastic blast-from-the-past for those who remember it.
5|7942|This is among Bill Murray's greatest movies. Imagine having to live the same day over and over again. I wonder how much of this was ad-libbed. Chris Elliot has a small role and manages to be funny just saying thanks for a cup of coffee! This is a rare comedy that is worth watching over and over again.
5|117|One of the best movies I have ever seen. Anthony Hopkins did a fantastic job along with Jody Foster
5|4287|Superb! I went to see it when I was six and I just loved it! My all time fave for animation!
5|10865|this movie is F***in hilarious at first i thought i wouldnt like it but bought it and loved it ill admit that this movie has stupid humor but i like stupid humor its hard for most people to comrehend stupid humor and why its funny i love the part where well ferrel gets on stage and starts playing that one instrument and gets carried away with it and even goes into the ladies room and continues to play it. If u like weird and strange humor i suggest u go see this this is a must see movie.
5|22169|Wow!
1|4070|awful!
1|20289|whis is the most stupidest movie ever the things are so fake freddy krueger oew makes me want to hurl the movies nasty and terrible who could watch such a devil movie
1|18716|This movie was bad to the point of being offensive. And what is the idea of making Dracula's head look like a big powdered butt? I feel like I wasted my time. The only redeeming value is that I can advise people not to watch it.
5|23277|There's just something about this movie that is just awesome. Maybe because its not a shoot up all the aliens movie. Maybe becuase it makes you think long after it ends. I believe in ET life, and this is really the only movie that appeals to me in a great way that has ET in it. Jodie Foster is good.
5|1499|Eating the fried monkey brains, eyeball soup, the hallway with bugs, and the beating heart. These scences are all time bests of the Temple of Doom. It was really good and I can watch it over and over.
5|12914|awsome, I can't say any more. a modern classic
1|21829|Nothing special... The movie sucks.
5|5827|Orson Welles did something in this movie that had never been done before. He broke the rules. He refused to follow all filmic techniques and shot the movie how he wanted it with no regard for the people he was making it about. In this film he merciliessly bombards the pseudo-figure Charles Foster Kane with character flaws and disgrace. The real life Kane, William Randolph Hearst was none to pleased with the portrayl. The film was barred from winning any major award at the Oscars because of the contraversy surrounding it (Hearst controlled several major publications which contributed to the anti-Kane movement). The film has since been praised by critics and audiences alike for its dynamic story-telling and experimental camera work. This is truly a masterpiece of deafening beauty and elegance. Welles' perfomance as Kane seems so effortless and hsi supporting cast is marvelous. What makes this film so astonishing is that is was Welles first.
5|19841|GREAT MOVIE GREAT MOVIE GREAT MOVIE IT RULED IT RULED IT RULED IT RULED IT ROCKED IT ROCKED RENT IT RENT IT 
1|15554|I did not like this movie simply because there was too much hype involved. It was four hours long and the graphics were not that good. The soundtrack could have been better.
5|665|I do adore Stanley Kubrick films and its a shame he's no longer with us. I found this film very disturbing in places and then a bit lighthearted. It does make you think about the atrocities of war and it shows what happened in Vietnam. Vietnam films are always the most realistic as it was the first media war, the general public of America actually saw what happened, and the veterans protested. It was an absolutely disgusting war and a lot of young innocent men paid for it with their lives.
1|14892|i mean come on.
5|5370|The Women is a "Shearer" delight. A wonderful story all about men, without a single man in the film! Rivals Joan Crawford ( who is the best character in this film, bar none ) and Norma Sheerer, ( who is a bit annoying, as she is very naive ) star in one of thee best comedies in classic film history. It's interesting to see these two ladies work together, as Joan's first movie role was to play Norma's stand in, in an early film. Norma treated Joan as though she should be graetful she even had a part in her film. Norma was a big star then, and apparently had quite a big head as well. Its funny that Joan should replace her, in just a few years, as MGM's biggest box office draw. Wonder what Norma thought then? Anyways, to get back to the point, the Women is a wonderfully witty, well acted, 1930's film' 
5|18008|One of the greatest movies around... If You are a fan of horror there is no way you can denie this movie, King is the Master!!!
5|20597|The music in this was wonderful, evoking the appropriate moods for each scene. The setting is a great adaptation of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet.
1|24206|Boy would I like to see Robin Williams play, oh, say, a cannibalistic pedophile, who's executed at the end of the movie. His cloying, bloodless portrayals of 'heartwarming' characters makes me want to puke.
5|19316|Greatest horror saga of all time.
1|20060|What the hell were they thinking????? This movie totally sucks! Watching my cat crap tripples the fun of this bull!
5|7567|Monthy Python is genius of comedies and humour. They're the greatest comedy gang ever. Life of Brian is a really funny and good movie. It will make you laugh..trust me. I love all their movies and episodes of Monthy Python's Flying Circus. I love them all. Monthy Python forever. =)
5|14632|simply amazing..best movie i saw last year by far..i thought the three main characters were so different and so complex..was really good fun watching it..had its own nice pace..wasnt hurried at all..beautifully made..i especially liked kevin bacon..he put up a very strong performance..all together..controversies aside..sean penn deserved best actor..i thot clint eastwood shouldve won too..beautiful story..
5|1670|AWESOME MOVIE!!!!
5|23920|This movie was one of my all time favorites. I was only about 12 when I first saw this movie. But the fantasy of just thinking about this plot gives you a good feeling. I actually wish all aliens were like that. Instead of fighting the aliens they approach the aliens to befriend them. And in return they were granted the fountain of youth. That just goes to show how much you can accomplish when you're an alien.
5|8132|laughed so much I bought the video
5|4708|Walt Disney's crowining glory in animation. A unique, brilliant style, Oscar-nominated music, delightful characters--- Sleeping Beauty has it all.
5|16743|Having read and enjoyed four of Patricia Highsmith's five Ripley novels, I don't at all agree the book is better than the movie. Ripley in the novel is completely unbelievable -- he's an entertaining but totally artificial creation, concocted from the author's desire to make a philosophical point. Ripley in the movie is very believable. The film has depth because the characters, like real people, have feelings. The film is too long, but the cuts should have been made in the first half, not the second as most people seem to think. After the aridity of The English Patient, Minghella is back to the deep probing of the heart he showed in Madly, Truly, Deeply.
1|1487|If you liked the other 2 Indiana Jones movies than you probably won't like this one. Filled with cheep laughs and dumb one-liners. It tries to be more of a comedy than an action movie. Harrison Ford is still good, but the supporting cast could have come off of a street somewhere in any city in America. With few good parts, though admittedly their are a few, this is a major dissapointment.
5|5416|I enjoy seeing this movie with my grandma. We always loved to watch it during the holidays. Now that she is gone, I remember the best whenever I put on that movie. It shows what a difference each life makes. I think that is a good thing to learn.
1|24574|This film is so bad that I have to turn off the TV within the first 5 minutes.
5|19464|I love the movies were Jason place in them!!!!!
5|498|This is one of Scorsese's best. Probably his most entertaining film.
5|17449|Yojimbo is a great movie. Spectacular acting and directing from two of the greatest. It is so good, bruce willis did a remake and so did the tv show pokemon.
5|5402|After watching this movies we should come away with a deeper appreciation of life, our own. What if we had never been born. So things don't always go the way we planned. Isn't life really about those we love and those who love us in return.This movie journeys from the depths of despair to the realization of what is really important in ones life. 
5|9238|Cute, sweet, romantic, funny, and Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore. Plus mullets! Can it get any better? No way.
5|14140|I loved this movie! Jim Carrey did a wonderful job. At first it was confusing, but after you wantch it a few times, it's easy to understand. I think it's one of the best movies that Jim Carrey has done!
5|7215|Animal House is one of the funniest movies ever made. It should be the model used by all modern directors for modern comedies.
5|23934|I loved this movie. Not just because of Jake Gyllenhall. I thought that the story line was amazing and creative, and the suspense was just enough to keep me wanting more all the time. It wasn't over the top.
5|8126|Classic 80s movie which I love
5|22394|The best fantasy i have seen, Arnold (conan) has 20 1/2 in arms 3 inches smaller that olypia but huge. watch for the roll-off, after the horse duel. Bombatta (chamberlain) and Conan team up for an unstoppable force until the end they fight and arnold whoops his ass, even though wilt says that he has slept with over 20,000 woman. Anyway its a five star must see film with all the muscle and wizards you can handle...
5|15538|The naysayers may think otherwise, but Titanic is one of the best movies of modern times and will go down in history as a genuine classic. I guarantee people will be watching and weeping over it 60 years from now, much like we do today with Gone With the Wind. Sure, the dialogue was somewhat corny, but you can't deny the heartfelt and realistic performances of Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet- they had great chemistry as the leads and made us truly connect with their characters. The supporting actors were very good as well, and I liked how well the filmmakers matched the modern actors with the real historic figures from 1912 (Molly Brown, Capt. Smith, Bruce Ismay, etc.) After seeing Pearl Harbor, I've learned to appreciate how much better Titanic is; where Pearl failed, Titanic succeeded. It was successful because we really got to make an emotional investment in the characters, the ship, and the entire setting. Unlike Pearl, where you were praying for the bombing to begin, in Titanic you were just praying they would somehow miss the iceberg!! The sinking sequences and historic drama of what the people onboard went through are realistic and heart-wrenching; you truly feel the tragic impact- I remember sobbing uncontrolably the second time I saw Titanic and cried several other times in subsequent viewings. Call me a sap, but that's what a good movie is supposed to do to you- it takes you into the world of the characters and you feel the tragedy as much as they do. The musical score by James Horner is a classic and I love the Celtic flutes and whistles- they added an interesting touch to the soundtrack, and of course My Heart Will Go On is a beautiful song with a universal theme, not just related to the film. Gloria Stuart was robbed of an Oscar in her amazing performance as old Rose, but at least the film won the 11 other Oscars it deserved. 
1|5193|One way to try to capture popularity. But the wrong way to add to Dr. Seuss' legacy. This movie should have never been made.
5|1102|All a man has in this world is his balls and his word, and I don't break'em for no one. You got that?I don't even remember how many times I've quoted from this movie, since I saw it, about 10 years ago. Pacino's performance is something else,it is not acting,it's simply art in it's most amazing form.definitely in my top 5.
5|8898|Awesome! It is a dark comedy that rocks. Who wouldn't love a movie with an awesome dog and Desert Eagle 5.0s?!
5|13149|This has got to be the best film in the century. It is awe inspiring. Speilberg did great work. My favorite parts are 1) little girl w/ red dress, 2) when he cries at the end when he realizes he could have saved more.
5|10440|The jokes never seemed to wear out for me , even though I went to see the movie 4 times. It was a brilliant film, brings you back to see it a second time. I reccomend this movie to anyone who wants to see Mel Gibson's acting in a different kind of genre. It's a great movie. Helen Hunt and Mel definetly look cute together. Go see it!
5|5364|This is another John Ford work. The story takes place in a Welsh mining town and is the story of a large family's interactions. The Welshmen singing Cym Rhondda is fantastic. It is fun to compare that hymn here with the same hymn in the African Queen. Donald Crisp plays the patriarch of a large family of coal miners, and this is a moving account of that family. Crisp won a well-deserved Oscar.
5|21845|A very fun movie! I loved that it had something for everyone. Definatly a classic!
5|16031|Although this movie was over 2 hours long, the movie was not at all boring. It was a nice drama of Thailand at that time as far as the location. Growing up as a child of the king, and a little romance. It also portrayed well the relations to Britain.
1|7784|I really don't think Adam Sandler's that funny. He's too slapstick! Gimme Shaun Micallef any day - he's got wit, not just silly voices. 
5|8668|I thought this was a great movie. While I totally disagree with the events that happen, I thought it was hilarious.
1|17828|Didn't like it at all. Jack Nicholson is a great actor but the other cast members weren't that good. I just hated the storyline.
5|13161|Just as great as the first.
5|6645|Wow. Absolutely phenomenal. Some people can't stand to leave their shiny, happy lives for ten minutes cause their so afraid of what they might find. This explains the bad reviews. 
5|17307|This is the most fantastic movie I've seen in a long, long time. It's got a few laugh out loud parts, and an incredible tearful ending, and its interesting the whole way throuhg. I can't recommend a movie more strongly. 
5|2423|This movie had everything. Sharon Stone is good looking and played a very good killer. This movie kept me guessing throughout. The end was good and surprising.
5|17461|An excellent movie from an excellent director. All the actors were great and the story was interesting.
5|2345|This was a great film. Fun, fast-paced and lots of twists, like the TV show. The sequel lost it big-time, though.
5|18752|What a good horror movie. This along with the much better and scarier Halloween, started the teen horror revolution. This is by far one of the best classic 80's teen slash films of the decade. Shot well at an actual summer camp and consisting of a lightly talented cast(Kevin Bacon being the only one to go anywhere.He also has a startling scene in a speedo. )and an original idea for the time a kind of switch on the psycho idea and at a summer camp rather than a motel. Gruesome effects by the master Tom Savini also give this movie an extra boost. You cannot deny how cool that girl looks with that axe freshly buried into her youthful face or the realism of the the early on throat slitting if the counsler who never makes it to camp. Cool idea, cool deaths,led to a funny and entertaining franchise, led to Jason(who is only second to MichaelMyers of Halloween.)and helped Kevin Bacon start a career!Recommended. See it before camp counsling or camping. hehe. Has Callmetootie even seen this movie? There is like one boob in the whole movie! Far from spending alot of time on female nudity. But tootie got the Gorefest part right! Brains and guts? I must have missed that in the several trillion times I've seen this movie. I still love ya. HOORAY!
5|13607|Wow! I had enormous expectations still it was better than I thought it would be! This is the most dramatic movie I've ever seen, one of the most ironic! This is theatre on film! Hopefully it will create a new aera where theatre people start making films! Sam Mendes MAY become the greatest of all directors in the movie history - at least his first film is absolutely terrific! More than anything else, it's the script that overwhelmed me! I expected a deep movie, while it's in fact as entertaining as Todo sobre mi madre. I totally disagree that the characters in this movie is cartoon-like. Again I would compare it to the much more cartoony Todo sobre mi madre. Great acting of course. And fasten your seatbelts: The ending is like taken out of an Agatha Christie novel! Even better than The Sixth Sense' ending! The film teqniques is better than The Matrix, Fight Club Todo sobre mi madre added together! A little better than American Pie, which I think is the second best movie of the year! Hope it'll get tons of Oscars! The only thing I didn't like with this film was actually the trailer, hehehe! It didn't tell me much, but maybe that was only positive. It made my cinematic experience even more overwhelming! I think it's the 5. best movie I've seen to date, after Forrest Gump, Gandhi, La vita bella Dogme 1 - Festen! :-D
1|10821|Witness, my friends, the crude of the crude: I can see this movie being used by women for evidence to kick guys off of the planet forever. At least, they should kick off mindless fools like the actors and writers of this numbingly-idiotic motion picture. In what has to be a record of some sort, over 200 (yes, you read it right, my friends, TWO HUNDRED) uses of the f-word can be cataloged. That's in addition to over 150 OTHER crude words. This makes you wonder if there could actually be any real dialogue. Of course, there is none. Crude and explicit sexual content is so crass and rampant that I can't get into it on this honorable public opinion forum. Drug use rivals the moronic Cheech Chong movies. Acting is bad, and I mean BAAAAADDDDD! Of course, George Carlin makes an appearance, so it is automatically bad. They've even got kids cussing in this movie! No child actor should be forced into a movie like this one! The list of crimes in this brain-dead movie goes on: its sexist, it has inappropriate music, there is imitative behavior that kids shouldn't replicate, graphic violence and disrespectful attitudes towards women and policemen. This movie is one of the worst movies of all time, that is for sure. Avoid this terror at all costs. Just go rent something nice and family-friendly, read a book, play a Nintendo game or write a story of your own. But, whatever you do, pay this waste of film no heed.
5|15276|Hurricane rocked! No joke! That was the single most inspiring movie I have ever watched. I watched it over and over again now that it is on cable. The acting was great and the story was true.
5|9204|ONe of the funniest movies I've ever seen. Easily the best movie of the season thus far.
5|15262|The best film of 2002 bar none.
5|7229|The best comedy to come out of the 1980s. Without a doubt, it is John Candy's best movie. It's a shame he didn't get more roles like this one. It may very well be the movie that cemented the fact that Steve Martin could be funny without putting an arrow through his head. The R rating is a little misleading. If not for the 30 F-bombs Martin drops in the car rental scene, this probably would have gotten a PG-13, if not a PG.
5|23908|wir bleiben troy
5|4720|Funny!! One of my favorite cartoon movies.
5|18746|Im a big fan of Jason, he's da man!! I love the thrill and of course the chi chi chi ha ha ha in the movies. I have his mask on my bedroom wall and dissguised as Jason for halloween since I was like 13 years old.The first 3 movies sucked but the rest we're kool.I have all his movies and will love him forever. JASON RULES!!!!
5|2351|Tom Cruise's acting was excelent. The movie was brilliant and engaging. It keeps you on your feet the whole time.
1|15795|THis movie sucked. I mean it had pee-wee herman. come on people. 
5|5358|I haven't seen this movie for awhile, but I remember it as one of the few movies that has ever gotten me to cry. I remember a father, a great father with great morals, who risked it all to help another. This was really touching and well. I love this movie.
5|21879|Great movie! One of the few trilogies I actually liked. The storyline kept it interesting, and it was very exciting to watch.
5|4046|This is a classic animated Disney film. Lady is a house dog. Tramp is a dog who lives near the railroad tracks. the spagetti scene in the movie was pretty good. This is another dog movie that is my favorite.
5|15504|I can't believe this movie is so underrated. It made me cry badly at the end! I do care about what happened to the Titanic, but the charactors gave life to the story. I still cry every time I watch it. (Well, nearly.) One problem though, it was a bit too long.
5|6889|Just plain funny. Beaver Cleaver's mother talking jive really tickles the funnybone!
5|9562|GREAT! Love it!
5|13175|One Of The Best Films Ever.
1|21356|Why couldn't they leave Grease alone?
5|6651|This movie always broke my heart. I felt so sorry for the poor hunchback and hated the ones who were so cruel to him.
1|19622|How can anyone like a movie about a killer car?
1|3535|wit the hell is this film i've never heard of it
5|11789|Although not up to par of TV's Frasier or I Love Lucy or the cinematic genius of Toy Story 2 or Airplane! , it is certainly a funny movie that is easily enjoyable. Sight gags, word puns, product placement, modern references, and funny sound effects round out a great plot with a hilarious ending. And, the sequel is really in the planning stages! Let's hope the evil Betty doesn't team up with Moon-You again...
5|329|Gladiator deserves 5 stars. I love the fighting scenes, plot, and actors. Russell Crowe was great. But the actor that impress me was Joaquin Phoenix. He was an excellent villain. He killed his father, tried to sleep with his sister, and taunt Maximus. I am disappointed that Joaquin did not win a best supporting actor for this movie.
5|18975|This movie is the greatest comedy horror movie ever made. They combine cheesy horror with lots of slapstick comedy. There may not be much of a plot but it still keeps your attention. All together a good movie.
5|16780|GOOD MOVIE...nick cannon was great for the part becuase it didnt take much talent to pull in off.GQ(nick white friend jayson) was probably the funniest.Had great songs and greta beats but unlike the music in it, the story just didnt flow
5|13820|This is easily the best movie of the year. Tom Hanks turns in another fantastic performance, supported by an amazing ensemble cast. The air of magic and faith makes every moment of this three hour movie intriguing and believable.
1|10606|Martha, you have to keep old Fido in the house. He dragged in another stinky polecat again!
1|16277|The Passion of The Myth
5|14197|Now this was a very well-done historical film; Kate Blanchett's steely white face without a doubt will flicker before my eyes everytime I read British history. Both accurate and intriguing, history came to life in all its costumes and turning an otherwise dull chapter of monarchy into a magnificent saga of sacrificial triumph. Elizabeth the Queen feminist-whoever would have thought.
5|22431|Star Wars fans prepared to be dazzled and blown away by effects, and some insight into the three original star wars, with the awesome music of Darth Vader making one grin cheekily. This Star Wars is visually spectacular and the storyline stays put throughout. It has something for everyone, i.e. A spunky boy for the girls, a little skin for the guys, awesome effects for any movie-lover, talented actors (Christenesen, Jackson and McGregor) and a side of Yoda I'm sure most people thought we would never see. This episode is a roller-coaster ride for the imagination. However, i feel the romance aspect was well-played by our young actors, but in some points you seem to think it's an episode of some dramatic soap opera. Also, both times watching the film i have noticed the start takes you through the narrative (that is, it takes time to tell the story), so the action may not appear straight away, but when it does come you smile from ear to ear. Overall, a fabulous movie with new-comer Christensen setting the mood and pace for an evil Darth Vader.
5|13834|This is one of those movies I will watch over and over. Such a great story of the value of human life and friendship..the cast was so perfect for the characters. The way Kathy Bates' character developed from a unself confident doormat into a person who learned to make her own happieness was fun to see. And I think we all know an Izzy out there somewhere!
1|16263|Nothing beats watching 30+-year-old bad actors portraying teenagers in horrible movies.
5|14183|Hillary Swank did a remarkable job at portraying Brandon Teena. An Oscar well deserved!
1|8312|This show sucked! So does Jay and Silent Bob! What was even the storyline? I got so bored during this crap that I failed to pay attention. The only thing that made it worth staring at for one second was Chris Rock. If he wasn't in it then it would have no plot whatsoever.
5|21138|Footloose is the movie that made me want to get up and dance, it is probably my favorite music movie.
1|3521|It was a chore just to sit through this movie. The whole premise of having to lug nitro glycerine up K2 jsut seems a bit too ridiculous for my tastes. Apparently these people really needed to get new containers for the stuff because the ones they had leaked like nobody's business. Good grief. Best Scene: there isn't one 
5|22357|Not as good as Aliens, but still great. This is the first of the decent alien movies. I think these would eat E.T up for breakfast. Go Alien. Shame it never explains where they cam from in any of the films.
5|21676|My favorite movie of all time, bar-none. I love the Trilogy, and this film, in my opinion, is the greatest. The whole Jabba's palace scene, the battle on Endor, the huge space battle, and the climactic scene in the Emperor's throne room - this movie has it all. The trilogy concludes itself well in this fantastic film, proving to be a tale of the power of good, and, ultimately, redemption.
5|4091|I liked this sequel even better than the first one!! And it is geared more towards adult viewers than children.
5|20568|This is one of the great feel good movies of all time. Gene Kelly's dance number, singing and dancing in the rain, is a classic and one of his best. The Good Morning sequence with Gene Kelly, Donald O'Connor and Debbie Reynolds is contagious -- after I've watched the movie, that song sticks in my mind for days!
5|315|Maximus and his Roman tattoo. Did you see that?
5|8873|MUF DVR (from the movie... anyone know what it is?) Answer: the license plate.
5|6686|Sam Peckinpah directed. This is Bloody Sam's best film. William Holden, Ernest Borgnine, and most of the Peckinpah stable of character actors portray a gang of old outlaws who want to pull one last job and then retire.
5|14815|This movie really puts its finger on the pulse of the drug scene. The cinematography is awesome. One of the best soundtracks to come out in years.
5|7598|One of the best films ever made....you can watch it over and over.
5|1857|BRUCE LEE IS THE MAN. HIS ACTION SEQUENCES IN THE MOVIE ARE AMAZING.
1|20921|Ludicrously overrated. Jarring, jangling, and incoherent. And none of the music is even original!
5|2386|Chilling and totally mesmering film offers top-notch performers, and the best cinemotography in years. Kudos to Jodie Foster for the most melodramatic, but likable performance of the year.
5|16964|Very disturbing.
1|12039|Are you kidding me? lol ! This thing should be in the $1.00 bargain bin at Blockbuster. Get real.
5|2392|Wow finally an ending where the good guy does not win. Jeff Bridges does an excellent job as being the paranoid terror professor, while joan cusack and tim robbins deliver a very dark and creepy performance, they are almost a normal family but not quite....very good film.
5|18785|7 DAYS!!!
5|467|A great movie that gets more interesting as the movie goes on. Very interesting and appealing. A little too much humor but it's still great.
1|4514|Bambi is just plain, one of the worst Disney movies ever made. It is so stupid, and the whole entire plot with a talking deer, and it's just so stupid. Go shoot the deer and burn the video box.
5|1843|This is a classic Bruce Lee flick. Bruce is savage as ever and pulls off some awesome stunts. Once you get past the dubbing in English, this movie will thrill you.
5|8867|this is a classic. cheech and chong were one of a kind.
5|14801|Masterful acting by Sir Anthony. He must go down as one of the greats. Low key, but always interesting. Deep, thoroughly entertaining movie.
5|21662|Again another sequel. I've seen them all about a million times. I love all of them. They all rock.I must say though. That this is I think, the best one. Not because it;s the newest of the trilogy, but that the story line is very well done. I guess I say that about every movie that I rate, but this one deserves it.
5|4085|Although the movie is aimed at children, both kids and adults can appreciate and enjoy this movie. It is very funny and the animation is remarkable.
5|3932|Thi is a great film. Wooy, a toy cowboy was Andy's favorite toy at first, then he gets Buzz Lightyear, a toy space ranger. and soon woody gets worried that he might be forgotten and tries to find a way to get rid of him. soon he ends up at Sid's house. Sid destroys toys. and soon Woody and Buzz become friends.
5|301|Awesome movie!! One of the best I have seen.
5|1842|I love Bruce Lee. He's a great actor. He does great karate. He fights well.
5|13809|I didn't expect to like this one, but wound up being very moved and entertained throughout all three hours. Highly recommended...
5|21105|My favorite movie of all time! This movie was NOT ridiculous, and the soundtrack was NOT weak. Is it a crime for someone to be silly? Is it horrible that I laughed out loud? There are so many great scenes in there, and the boys get to be themselves, which is great. It shows the younger generation(like me), how Beatlemania really was. The performances are really great. I especially love the Can't Buy Me Love number out on the field. I have a question for all of you who gave this movie less than 5 stars, I'm 13, would you rather me watch a hilarious Beatles movie, or some X-rated movie?
5|2393|a truly suspensful movie...the first scene is great
5|18784|The scariest movie i've seen in a long time.
5|300|One of my all time favorite movies. The end was my favorite part. It was the most realistic scene of someone going to heaven I ever saw. Very emotional and very good.
5|4084|I love this movie! The animation was incredible. The movie is hilarious. I liked the whole Star Wars spoof thing at the end. The characters were pretty life-like and believable. I'm looking forward to seeing what Pixer will produce in the future.
1|23583|The glossiest armor in the middle ages couldn't hide the dimness of this movie, but lord knows they tried.
5|6687|This movie was way ahead of its time. Peckinpah was never better and the old guys in the cast were like watching a great old boxer making a comeback-succesfully.
5|8872|the funniest movie i have ever seen!
5|314|Perhaps I could be called bias for saying I really enjoyed this movie. I take Classical studies at school and find the ancient Greeks and Romans incredible. Although there were considerable exaggerations of the size of some of the buildings and the actual attire worn by the Emperor's sister.....this was a good film and I 'm glad it won an oscar.....Russell Crowe really did an amazing job...I couldn't imagine anyone else playing that role. I agree with Wiggum.....this definately passes the bahtroom test!
5|20569|Spectacular movie. At first i was extremely biased against it. As musical as very unmanly. As i watched it more ofteni began to enjoy it. The way it all slides together so nicely and the sheer comedy and good acting involved are stupendous. A must see for all.
5|3927|another one of the best walt disney animation movies it was so cool how they made the toys come to life and the animation was just awesome
5|4090|This is like the best movie, it is so funny!
5|21111|Great because it's The Who performing the songs - not actors. For those not familiar with the plot - it's sort of a "West Side Story" set in London. The teenager, Jimmy, feels like he's going schizophrenic - actually quadrophenic - because as he tries to please his 1) gang, 2)parents, 3)job and 4)girl - he's getting pulled in 4 different directions. The concept by Pete Townshend is that there a 4 different musical themes that correspond to the 4 different band members in The Who which corresponds to the 4 different personalities of Jimmy. The music blends in very well with the plot - rent it on DVD so you can put on the English subtitles because some of the dialog is hard to understand because the London accents. 
5|16965|My favorite movie ever. I would not subsitute it for the original because the flair of the music that was chosen and the visuals are a big part of why I love this movie.
5|472|I liked the movie because it was a great adventure! Every minute is good, especially when he finds the holy grail.
5|23706|One of the best battle scence with the ships. The first time Star Trek use the collison course and actually have the ship collide.
5|24069|Extremly well made. Many of my(stupid) friends hated it because it put the subtitles to fast and was to dramatic. I loved plot and the fighting was okay, alittle overdown but very intense. I think the Chinese with the subtitles added to the time and setting, Highly Recommended.
5|1856|Bruce Lee is the man. His action sequences in the movie are amazing.
5|18960|This isnt exactly a horror movie, its more of a comedy, even though the first two evil deads were horrors.
5|4906|Stuart Little 2 was just as good and captivating as the origional. I give it a thumbs up. Or a 5 out of 5 it is awesome. E.B. White was thinking good when she wrtote the book cause the movie made out of it is one of the greatest movies ever made as so is Stuart Little.
5|20227|Written, directed and staring Roman Polanski, this nightmare will find the paranoia in any viewer
5|24041|The computer animation is just phenominal. The characters look hauntingly real and the story was not too bad either. If you think that the animation in this film is bad then I suggest you get your vision checked. How much further can they go with animation.
5|13835|its a wonderful movie where kathy bates meets this old lady in a nursing home that begins to tell her a story and after bates continues to return as she herself grows as a person
5|22430|The movie was the absolute best.It was funny had great graphics and a wonderful plot!It should deserve much better then what some of your reviwers are giving it and I think you should take ther reviews off!
5|6877|A true classic in British humor. I've watched it 5-6 times. It's just as funny every time. It has witty (and not so witty) British humor with a great cast in a great setting for a comedy.
5|22356|One of the scariest flicks ever made. I guess it was the blotter that I dropped befor going to the flick in 79!
5|20541|This might sound crazy, but this is quite possibly my favorite movie of all time. The opening scene where the Earth comes up from the bottom to fill the entire screen... This is the one movie to see sitting in the front row. You'll feel like your space walking.
5|11944|Hilarious movie. Although a little bit of an older crowd in the theater i was in, everybody was laughing throughout the movie. Hanks was great as usual, Marlon Wayans was extremely funny, and all the other supporting actors were very good. Gets an R rating for frequent use of the F Bomb by Wayans, but otherwise a very good comedy.
1|7746|Dr. Strangelove or How I Learned To Stop Worrying and Love The Bomb is one of the best titles I've ever heard of. While the movie is one of the most unfunny, unimaginative pieces of trash I've ever seen. The movie is extremly dark and gothic. I really felt umcomfortable watching it.
5|21893|And the crowd goes wild! Go Michael! Go Michael! Ur number 1, baby!
5|22342|THE best version of Superman ever, will probably never be topped. THe special effects are great and haven't really dated, also, hats off to John Williams for that terrific score which must be onwe of the best ever written. Overall the cast is good and the sets are smashing!
5|6863|Merely a flesh wound.
1|3534|This movie was so bad, even I can't believe it. The movie was designed to throw every possible exciting event at you, one after another, until you are thrilled out of your pants. Instead it was just overkill. I like fantasy as much as the next person but this was so fake and silly I just felt insulted instead. I don't know the first thing about mountain climbing. Or bombs. Or helicopters. But I am intelligent enough to know that 1) there's no way even a billionaire could get that many people to show up at a party on K2. Where did all the cute chicks come from? Give me a break. And all the mountain climbers partying and drinking beer? Why aren't they resting for tomorrow's hike? Puh-leeze. 2) There's no way that the Pakistani government would have allowed a team of renegade rescuers to tote leaky cartridges of explosives up some mountain. Also, if you are going to blow someone out of a hole in the mountain you had better get a crack team of precision experts to do it, rather than just sending down a note saying BANG warning the people to get down. There's no way they would have survived that blast. And 3) I don't see how that helicopter could have hovered that long to allow the rescue group to jump off without crashing. That's just the tip of the iceberg as far as the ludicrosity of this movie goes. Anyone who rated this movie above a 2 should be ashamed. The producers and directors AND ACTORS (Chris O'Donnell, I thought higher of you than this!) should be ashamed. And the movie studios that keep putting out garbage like this should be ashamed. Yes, I want action and drama, but please give me some action that makes at least a little sense. Please don't insult my intelligence like this. And give me a hero that I can believe in rather than some washed-up, guilt-ridden dude who is a carbon copy of every other action movie I have ever seen (gee, I bet the writers of this movie watched Cliffhanger while they were thinking of ideas for a hero! It's the same freakin' story!) I ended up having to buy my boyfriend dinner because I dragged him to this lousy movie. He was mad at me for at least an hour after the movie was over. Next time he gets to pick what we see. 
5|8696|American Pie is the best comedy I have seen in ages. I have never laughed harder at any film. With Stifflers pale ale and Jims baked goods its a laugh-a-minute
5|14828|Irvin Welsh is so crazy. He wrote Trainspotting and other crazy books. He has a lot of great short stories. Trainspotting makes more and more sense the more you watch it. It is a crazy weird movie though.
5|9588|Enjoyed book. Thought film would be disappointment. Wrong. Enough twists to keep even most adamant fans of novel surprised. A Bridget who seemed unlikely at first, but came to be real Bridget by end of film. Laughed my way through it. Renee's accent a little bizarre, but adds comedy itself. Her Bridget really is v. good character, full of humour and truth. Hugh surprised all with character seemed made for him, without any of usual nervous twittering that is so famous for. Colin Firth looked v. shaggable in suit. See film if want v. English rom com.
5|14196|Cate Blanchett was superb as Elizabeth, she deserved the oscar. A brilliant portrayl of the Virgin Queen. I believe that it matters very little that there may be small historical innacuracies in the movie, for 'Elizabeth' inspires the watcher the learn more about Elizabeth I for themselves. 
1|10607|One of the five worst movies ever produced for a large audience. And there is nothing worse than having to watch it with a pack of females who think it is romantic and charming. It isn't. It is contrived to the Nth degree and desperately trying to be quirky and loveable. Good for people trying to diet because this film will make it difficult for the viewer to keep his food down. On a par with Superman III. 
5|13821|Very powerful emotionally. Christopher Walken's performance is must-see.
5|15288|Another outstanding performance by Danzel Washington, oscar should have been his this year.
5|18974|This movie was the tightest movie. The animation and puppeteering was outstanding. Bruce Campbell is a great actor for the role.
5|4912|This is the best movie of last year ;)
5|17474|Absolutely fantastic! Very OTT but great with it. Guy Pearce is definately shrugging off his history with the Australian soap 'Neighbours'. This film deals with homophobia as well, so if anyone is really against Queens and gay men, don't bother watching as you won't see it for what it really is, a great comedy where you empathise with the characters.
1|24549|this movie definitely has a thrown-together feel to it. a shabby one at that. apparently it's people were racing with the makers of red planet to get theirs out first. but red planet kinda sucked too.
1|23226|As if the first one wasn't bad enough. The only redeeming feature here was Branagh's performance, although even that isn't enough to award another star.
5|4721|What I think is the best animation ever made, was not a Disney-production! The Land Before Time is a must! Only good films get that many follow-ups! :o) Today it's five follow-ups, though I have only seen the first. 
5|7228|You have to watch this at Thanks Giving. This is the late great John Candy at his very best.
5|1881|Wow, what can I say! John Woo is truly made for directing action movies, especially shoot-em-up flicks. With the addition of Nicholas Cage and John Travolta, i'm simply speechless. Story was fresh for a change, acting was way up there, poetic shootouts were jaw-dropping. But I think the best John Woo film has to be Hard Boiled, the best action movie i've witnessed first hand, it makes Face/Off look like a kid's movie. But anything by John Woo will do.
5|1659|A story about violence, but not showing any of the gore. Maybe we can learn something from this. Loved the fantasy, camera work,and, of course, the flying.
5|6136|The two stars in this classic story of unrequited love are terrific...never were they better than in this film. Joan Fontaine is the hopelessly in love woman with Louis Jourdan, a true cad and ladies' man. The film has its intensely romantic moments but the end result is one of great sacrifice and tragedy. Max Ophuls direction is excellent.
5|13612|Fantastic acting, character sketches, story idea, and plot development. Spacey is beyond excellence in his portrayal of a lust-struck man in midlife, and all the other characters are almost as vibrant in their depiction and almost as well casted. The way it's told, after his death, is intriguing and it works well in this case. This is a masterpiece that will be known 200 years from now as great literature, the way we know Lady Chatterly's Lover today.
1|10834|It is on my list of Ten Worst movies I've ever saw (or in this case slept through). It had all the suspense of a half-hearted game of Clue Jr., the story was meandering and wearisome, and the sound quality of the DVD, coupled with the bad British accents made most of the movie sound mushy and inaudible. It was so painfully boring that we rented it for a whole week and popped it in our DVD player 4 nights and fell in and out of repose all week. By the time I woke up for the ending where they reveal whodunit, I commented, I don't even know who they f--k got killed, and angrilly went back to sleep. I don't dig Robert (I hate America) Altman movies. I don't understand why every big-time actor has to make an appearance in an Altman movie. Must be some coastal elite Blue States liberal thing.
1|21357|Other than the presence of Michelle Pfeiffer, there is nothing at all redeeming about this cheap film.
5|6650|Charles Laughton, good Quassi part, but that HUMP OOOOOH, must have had so much trouble getting fitted for a suit, a Tailors nightmare to see him come into the shop......couldn't buy one of the peg that's for sure..... 
5|9563|I really like comedies, Romance or both. This is so cute. Lucy saves this man from being hit by a train, pretends to be his fiance while he is in a coma but while he is in a coma Lucy falls in love with his brother Jack. Jack falls in love with her too. She tells them the truth before she gets married to the man in the coma, and then Jack proposes to her and they get married and go to Florence Italy so she can get a stamp on her passport.
5|13174|The best movie ever made!!!
5|6888|Classic.
5|4047|Wonderful drawings. I love the story, and the characters are more interesting and touching than some human beings. I also like the siamese cats.
5|18021|i really found this movie entertaining.sissy spacek is a great actress. i loved how she got revenge on all the students at the prom. id love to have the powers that she has got. anyone seen the updated version of carrie ??
5|17312|Forget Schindler's List: This is MUCH better! Best film of '98! Best non-English film ever! :o) PS: Do anyone know why La vita bella wasn't nominated for one single Golden Globe, when it was nominated for seven Oscars won three?!?
5|5359|This was one of the best movies I have ever seen!! It had all the elements of a good movie: Plot, nostalgia, political issues, suspense. It is a movie that I will definitely want to view again after I have children.
5|21878|Nice series, exciting plot, and good acting on the part of Michael J. Fox, who spices up the storyline. Adventures of the main character keep your eyes glued to the screen. Good costumes and makeup.
1|9958|There is no plot but just a montage of recent horror movies. The previews do not reflect the movie's poorly written plot. Just seems like they wanted to show as many penises as possible.
5|16018|Nice story in the end. But let me tell you, the beginning is boring!!!!!
5|18035|It's such a great film, especially the ending!
5|17306|I saw this in the cinema and could not leave my seat for a while. All I could do was try to get over my sobbing, and all I could say was, Wow. That was the best movie I've seen in a long time. People say that it took the holocaust and made light of it. I disagree. I think it was a film about love--not rjust romantic love--the greater sense of the word. It was about how love can endure in even the most horrific situations.
5|10469|one of the best road movies ever made 
5|6644|Wow is this a depressing movie. Sometimes you want get bummed out, and this is just the movie to do it. I remember hearing that this was X rated when it won Best Picture in 1969 or so. Its tough to imagine why it got that rating. I can only imagine how disappointing some rowdy young adults were when they went to see an adult movie and got this heart wrenching arty drama instead. Kinda like when Bart Simpson's pals were headed off to see an R rated movie, chanting Bar-ton-Fink! Bar-ton-Fink! , not knowing what was in store for them....
5|13160|I think every part to the godfather aregreat ones.
5|9577|Oh my! It's exactly the story of my life! Minus the vodka fags and minus the happy ending...
1|17829|this sucked
1|11280|This movie is crap. And Rob Scheider is General Poo of the THIS-IS-CRAP army. If you want to see a stupid-make-gross-jokes-in-a-futile-attempt-to-be-funny movie. I suggest 'Scary Movie'. The least stupid of that stupid genre.
5|8669|Will go down in history as one of the funniest teen comedies of all time. Jason Biggs and Sean William Scott are hilarious especially Sean. I will never forget when Jim (Biggs) gets it on with that pie!!! Just very very funny stuff.
5|1895|I like action film and this had lots of it. I also like Cage and Travolta. It seemed a little unrealistic but then again...who knows what can happen in the next few years.
5|12518|With a small amount of trepidation, I walked into the theatre with my spouse to see this film yesterday evening. Once I got past the gratuitous/obligatory homophobic case of the heebie jeebies, I settled in and realized why this picture is being nominated for awards left and right. It is an excellent movie. And homosexuality is not even particularly "central" to the theme. Brokeback Mountain is a love story. And it's a sad one. I noted above that the "gay" component of this film is not central to it because lots of love stories are sad. Romances between people fail to flourish or "succeed" for any host of reasons. This is not a human experience limited to queers. The doomed nature of this relationship is as much a result of the choices the protagonists make as it is of the unwillingness of many in larger society to accept gay couples and relationships. The performances by both lead actors, particularly Ledger, were sensitive and not over the top. Ledger's character was truly the most haunted/conflicted by the relationship the pair develops as young men. The price of the tickets to Brokeback Mountain were a good investment and I'm glad I saw the movie. I left the theatre feeling rather sad for the fates of both characters and the story I saw has had me thinking all day. 
5|6122|Bette Davis and Joan Crawford did not share a mutual love for one another off screen, but the two of them together on screen was a fierce combination. You go through this movie thinking Baby Jane is the only evil one, only to find out the good sister hasn't always been so good.
1|16289|Terrible movie. Focuses on Jesus' torture in attempts to guilt people into believing in him or going to church. Where was the focus on his teachings and beliefs? A big-budget horror movie and nothing more.
5|13606|Top to bottom a breathtaking piece of work. Absolutely loved it, especially Annette Bening because that role could have been so much less in the hands of a lesser actress (which is almost every one in Hollywood).
5|4735|This one brings me back, I loved Fievel as a kid, this was a great movie.
5|8127|I've had better... I can't even guess how many times I've watched this movie, and I laugh every time. Probably Jim Carrey's best movie, and definately one of the funniest movies in recent years.
5|7214|The best movie of all times! Enter any male college students' room/house and you will find a Jonh Belushi poster hanging on the wall. It's a movie to get you pumped up and ready to party!
5|1665|A lot of my friends from Hong Kong said it was very typical. As a Western viewer I thought it was amazing! Love Michelle Yeoh!! Amazing actor!
5|9239|I love the story. Fun. Love. Suspence. I love it.
5|5403|This is my all time favorite movie. It is about priorities and what really matters in life. It may seem to start off a little slow, but all of the things at the beginning are leading up to something worthwhile. It is the movie that made James Stewart my favorite actor and Frank Capra my favorite director. It is warm, funny and has a good moral. A true classic and the closest thing to a perfect movie there is.
5|10327|- Hilarious . Very funny, it will make you laugh on the worst day. They picked the right actor for the movie (Jim Carrey). 
5|17448|You see my screen name
5|499|best mob movie i have seen!
5|19303|This is my favorite entry in the 10-film series. I like all of them really, though. This one just has much more atmosphere than most of the others.
5|20582|An excellent movie- even if it is a musical
5|21844|I recently bought the 3-DVD box set of this trilogy. I am *awed* and impossibly impressed to realize these movies seem to NOT HAVE AGED AT ALL. I was completely blown; because I expected it to be dated. This is especially true in two aspects: the present doesn't seem that unseemingly far away (even though it *was* 20 years ago), and most importantly the future (in BttF 2) is still futuristic--in the way that Robert Zemeckis invented a future that still seems plausible even now. I am unwaiveringly classifying these CLASSIC, MUST WATCH movies for any sci-fi fan. They can be watched and rewatched, thanks to the script of course, but to Michael J. Fox and Christopher Lloyd, who have there given the performance of a lifetime. A last, quick note; something the modern viewer will undeniably not with hindsight, is that all three movies are surprisingly continuous. It's obvious that great attention has been given to insure that these movies form a remarkably coherent trilogy. (IMHO, George Lucas sure could use the advice for Starwars) 
5|10441|HILLARIOUS!!!!!
5|1103|This movie was so cool I seen it more than ones thats how cool it was.
1|17801|Verry dum.
5|22395|Watch out for big wilt the stilt in this one, bombatta and conan pray to different gods but join forces to make a dream team.
5|15539|Classic love-tale made in the same vain as GONE WITH THE WIND and CASABLANCA. Films like this come only once in a great while, so you had better learn to like it as I have.
5|1117|de palma's direction can never grow stale: it's the visual definition in my opinion of panoramic, a real tribute to this vaguest of remakes. oliver stone, on the other hand, i think, has a rather definite tendency to date himself. i don't know if you can blame him for the cheesy music, but the story is very much stuck in its era of drug-built decadence and superficiality, and political cowardice. fortunately, pacino's scarface can never be dated. he's a guy with his own tweaked sense of right and wrong; a murderer who won't let anybody date his sister, a criminal who values loyalty and honesty above all. like all great characters, he has a tragic flaw. without giving anything away, it's that the same courage that puts him on top of his criminal empire alienates him from the kings of the underworld to a fatal degree. this is the real strength of the film, the character of tony montana, but the direction is so smooth, and the action so overwhelming, so mindblowing, and the mood so often dark and disturbed that it's easy to get distracted. the kid with no options becoming a crook to get the world and everything in it may be a reusable theme, but no one will ever do it as well as pacino, de palma, and stone, because no one else could find the psychological depth that they did in the title character, and mask it all in such beautiful carnage. you love the guy, even though he's a vicious monster. great, great movie. 
5|14633|Should've won best picture, and director.
5|22381|The tag 'first of a kind' may be a bit of a stretch, but I don't remember too many movies where Sci-fi, suspense horror were so neatly put together before Alien. Another twist was that the Captain is the first major figure to go - surely that broke the rules and we have a action heroine as well! Great movie.
5|8655|This is a great movie. The cast of characters ranging from the FBI agent, DeNiro's fellow bounty hunters and the mobsters are extremely funny and the dialogue is perfect for the fast-paced, hilarous comedy. One of my favorites.
1|20061|It made me nauseous and nothing ever happened. It was horrible
5|19317|Damn Ian Snyder {Jake Richardson} is HOT in that movie!i loved it i have watched it each wknd sinc i got it w/ different friends and everyone of them said he was really hot when he is goth and at the end i wish i could have been chrustal the movie was really good!!!!I think Jake should come to spokane washington since that is where the film was filmed and i want to see him!
5|20596|What a great date movie. It has it all, action, subterfuge, romance. It's so money. I don't think I have ever had a bad date when we watched this movie.
5|5371|"The Women" reeks of caricature and female bashing (the author of the stage play on which it is based was Clare Booth Luce) and is very funny and highly enteraining. Come to think of it, men aren't portrayed too well either. The gimmick is there are no men in the cast, just mentioned constanly by all the female characters. Joan Crawford and Paulette Goddard do real well...but Norma Shearer plays such a self sacrificing noble goody two shooes wimp per most of the film that you just want to smack her across the head.. Mary Boland IMO steals the movie as the Countess.
5|5417|For the millions who remembered the crushing despair caused by the Great Depression, this movie reminded them of what let them make it through it. Whether it was friends, family or a kind employer, this movie had it all. This movie makes you think about all the good things that have ever happened to you, showing you that these are what should be focused on. Even now, more than half a century later, this movie still has a message to broadcast. Although many pass it off as a corny Christmas movie, if you watch it for what it is, a movie about never losing hope and the inherent goodness of humanity, you will see that this movie has a strong message in this era of cynicism.
5|10333|An excellent wild and extravagant comedy where Jim Carrey is completely insane, but yet a plot still exists.
1|24561|My rating is for the new version of Time Machine. The original version gets 5 stars from me. The new version is simply a politically correct, diversity seeking stupid waste of money. The whole theme of the novelette was ignored in favor of knocking white people and praising anyone with brown skin. And why move the setting from London to New York? Don't waste your time with this movie (even if you agree with the politics, you are wasting your money. See the original version instead).
5|4709|It's a beautiful movie -- probably not my favourite of the early Disney movies, but near the top of the list. The evil queen is one of Disney's best villains. The more recent Disney creations, churned out at the rate of a couple per year, can't even come close to the beauty and magic of the older ones. Children today are being shortchanged.
5|14155|I haven't seen it, but I want to. There's just a response I would like to make to ToddsternOhio. Are you sure you are a student of film and cinematography, or are you a narrowminded idiot????? I have never read so much crap that makes me feel angry. Did you know that the human body has male and female hormones, so if there was an imbalance, then that person would either be more feminine or masuline. And there have been many cases of where the person should have been born as the other sex. There are many people in this world who succeed dressing up as the opposite sex and getting away with it. Surely you watch the Jerry Springer Show - you get lots of cases of where a man decides to be a woman and has a boyfriend - and he doesn't know. In Japan, there are men who transform themselves into women who look very realistic. My sister gets mistaken for a young boy. So you were saying..... 
1|11055|Another stupid teen raunch-fest. I'm waiting for a G-rated movie with teenage heroes...
5|6491|Seldom has such a powerhouse of acting talent been assembled and what a film! This is a sensitive and emotive subject and needs to be handled professionally and with respect. Stanley Kramer skillfully draws first rate performances from his 'A' list cast. He avoids sentimentality or traditional 'hollywoodisms', creating an atmosphere so real that we feel that we are observers in a genuine court room. The graphic footage, actually taken at the liberation of some of the camps, only serves to make this film more harrowing and yet effective. Kramer has been brilliant in his casting. The solid judge Spencer Tracy is authoritive, whilst having wrestle with his own personal feelings. Maxamillian Schell is effective as the young attorney, ambitious and yet misguided in his loyalties. Montgomery Clift, a tortured soul in real life, uses his own deamons to brilliant effect as the simpleton, who has been subjected to steriliztion. The stand-out however is Judy Garland, as the Hausfrau falsely accused of intimacey with a Jew. Garland proves, in her short sequences, that she is very much an equal in the acting game as she is a legendary musical star. That she, for the second time in her career was not awarded the oscar, for which she was nominated, is one of the greatest oversights in the history of the Academy. She acts with her very soul. The only peice of miscasting in my mind is Burt Lancaster. Whilst he is , as always, professional. His performance as an accused German Judge does not quite gel. Altogether though, a brave and risky film which really pays off. 
5|22168|Matrix was a movie that revolutionized the way movies are made today. All the slow motion, multi-camera angled shot scenes in the movie had moviegoers going wild at the theaters. All the directors are using its style now. Like the upcoming movie Charlie Angels, a big star cast movie like this with the style like Matrix, will make millions at the box office.
5|10864|One of the funniest yet heartfelt films i've seen in a long time. Keaton and Nicholson are terrific!
1|13642|The director of this movie is a total jerk.
5|664|Another Kubrick masterpiece. R. Lee Ermey totally makes the film what it is by doing a fantastic performance as the drill instructor.
5|18586|It is quite frightening the first watch or two, and then from there on it is either just pure entertainment or ultimate coolness!
5|5826|Very well done by Welles. There is a reason that this movie is critically acclaimed as the best ever. It introduced a wonderful screenplay and excellent cinematography methods to Hollywood. Welles payed incredible attention to details from music to lighting. A lot of symbolism. A very good movie.
5|19698|This is a fantastic movie!!! Great special effects, lovable and funny characters and a real adventure ride. Hugh Jackman is brilliant as Van Helsing, and Kate Beckinsale is gorgeous and sexy as always. All up it's a movie experience, must see on the big screen. You will enjoy it from the beginning to the end, I promise!
5|12915|This is tied for my #1 movie with One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest (1975).
5|1498|I really enjoyed watching the movie because I thought it was funny and action-packed. I liked the characters in the movie, especially the little boy Shorty.
5|23510|Pretty scary movie. Kurt Russell was very good in this one, almost too good to be a horror movie.
5|12901|An absolutely great movie. If you haven't seen it, you're missing out.
5|2185|Just as good as the origional, only better because there was much more comedy mixed with the drama and action in this film, probably with some help from Joe Pesci. This is one of the few sequels that has surpassed its origional. I thoroughly enjoyed it from start to finish. The writers did a great job of integrating the drama (Riggs's new relationship) with the comedy (The bomb on the toilet). I thought that Riggs's frequent referral to the German criminal as Adolf was hilarious. I liked the line towards the end where the crooked diplomat is standing above the action and says Diplomatic Immunity , and Glover shoots him and responds, It's just been revoked . Better than the origional and truly worth watching.
5|18592|Dude, this movie was hilarious!!! I loved it. The laughing demon is great, I do a wonderful imitation. It is definately one of the better low budget films I have ever seen, even if Ashley is a sissy girl who screams alot.
5|670|One of the most wonderful works of film to ever exist. Kubrick's direction is as it's absolute finest throughout the film. This film is extremely inspiring and provoking to several ends. It is a torrent two hours spent watching this movie that will torment and distrub your psyche. When it's over, you will leave with such a renewed passion that it will frustrate you not knowing what to do with yourself and your newfound spirit.
1|15541|Most over-rated movie of all time.
5|17879|It might seem a little tame to a newer generation of filmgoers that grew up on more sophisticated special effects, but when it came out, this movie was one the scariest movies ever. It still holds up.
5|5832|The undisputed giant of all movies. Every money made after this owes a debt a gratitude to Orson Welles' hypnotic genius. Only a 'Touch of Evil' and 'The Magnificent Ambersons' come close to this trailblazer. Try to see it in a theater, like all great movies SHOULD be seen... 
5|21475|The first real sci-fi film, with good effects and good humor.
5|4292|I love this movie so much!! It's a powerful, Imaginative story with lots of fun and Disney magic!!. It's highly recommended for anybody!!! 
5|23262|A true classic even if the animation looks a little crude now. In the days before I was exposed to anime, the scene on the bomber was the most terrifying piece of animation I had seen. Plus it had a kick ass soundtrack that really captured the essence of music at that time. It annoyed me that the second movie (F.A.K.K. 2 bullshit) was so poor. Part of the strength of the first movie was that it was comprised of vignettes of the most popular and successful stories that had run in the magazine. I was a casual reader of the mag and it seemed pretty clear that this was planned as a movie from the start and lacked the compactness of the first movie.
5|15908|i loved this movie! i cried. i dont ever cry. not me. but i did. it was great.
5|6485|Being a fan of Raymond Chandler, it's natural to be a little apprehensive to watch one of his mystery novels on the big screen. The Big Sleep does not disappoint! It covers as much in the novel that Hays office would allow in the true style of film noir. Chandler's Philip Marlowe was a role Bogart was born to play and the heat between him and Bacall rises off the screen in waves. The dialogue is sharp and has a real 'rat-a-tat-tat' to it. The acting is as undramatic and genuine as it could be in the 1940's. Personally, I prefer this film to The Maltese Falcon . Although Maltese.. is a perfect study in 'film noir', The Big Sleep is the premiere study in it.
1|6882|This movie absolutly SUCKED!
5|20743|i love this movie!i think every one should own it.-rebekah ramos
1|23965|Why is this so high on the list?!! -- I'll fix that. People, this is part of the Really Bad Existentialist Trilogy (with 1 5). The fountain of youth planet does not a good and believable plot make. This plays like an overlong episode of the series, and indeed, essentially rips off some of the same plots from The Next Gen series. All the attempts at humor are flat, stupid, and downright embarrassing, and all the regulars seem ashamed to be in this movie. There are some good parts here and there, but as a whole, it desperately needed a lot of work.
1|11069|I don't even want to see this mean, terrorizing piece of crap, it's about making fun of christians. And i'm a christian.
1|3722|Wow - this movie proves that people do not know what type of movie they are making when they are making it. Much like opening a present, they see it for the first time for what it is when it is done, and opens. Unfortunately this is a large box of doggy doo. I don't usually diss other reviewers, but those rating this highly must be on Costner's payroll, in one of the actors families, or in a mental facility.
5|9946|Another great movie I saw this summer. Keenan Ivory Wayans knows how to make a comedy, all the Wayans in the movie tear it up, and Carmen Electra looks hot.
5|22632|I liked this movie because of the special effects and action scenes.
1|19353|The first one was bad. This one is worse.
1|12206|Brittany Murphy SUCKS.
5|17689|Concerning the misfortune(s) befalling a mother and her two children in 11th century Japan;an engrossing,lyrical,unsurpassed masterpiece of quite exquisite,aching beauty and devastating emotional impact,from the greatest of all directors,the prolific perfectionist Kenji Mizoguchi.Wonderful beyond words. (I'd like to add that the film has wide appeal,currently averaging 9.4 and 9.5 on the Internet Movie Database and Foreignfilms.com website respectively)
5|894|Excellent movie-entertaining, suspenseful, exciting, scary. The actors were great, especially the little boy. You have to pay close attention to the details. The ending is great with a twist.
5|17845|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen, let alone horror movies. I have watched this movie so many times I have memorized almost every line. But the one thing that makes me want to watch the movie over and over again is Jack Nicholson...his expressions are hilarious! His acting is second-to-none...one of my favorite actors. This movie proves that a horror movie doesn't have to have blood and guts and all that other good stuff to be scary. I think the idea of being locked in a hotel with my lunatic father who was going to murder me and my mother with an ax and chop us into little pieces is scary enough. This movie is outstanding and I believe it is not only the best horror film of all-time, but also one of the best movies of all-time.
5|24257|Incredible technique, wonderful eye-opener..definately a thriller
5|23538|Just as exciting and entertaining as the first film. Spider-Man 2 definitely lived up to the first film, and in many ways surpassed it (especially in mixing drama and comedy). The Spider-Man films do not seem to be going downhill in quality like so many previous superhero sagas have. Let's hope that the upcoming addition to the series keeps it that way.
1|16712|make a movie about tyson HE is the greatest
5|8494|One of the best comedies ever-proving that low budget can kick butt with great writing and acting! Way to go!!!
5|22140|Innovative story with lots of computer graphics. Suspenseful and successful ending. Continuous action and suspenseful plot show quality.
5|21449|this movie was really great.changed the face of science fiction.it is easily the best star wars even though it was the first one and had inferior technology..every single actor did their role very well.harrison ford was magnificent..it was an epic 
5|2807|Without a doubt, Pierce Brosnan's best Bond outing. A fine plot. A top-notch supporting cast (stand up Dame Judi and Sean Bean). Terrific special effects. A classic title track. It's the best of all possible Bondian worlds.
5|18223|This is Bruce Cambell at his best!!! It is weird how a top hollywood exec. can put together a multimillion dollar movie and have it flop like a fish. But this is cheap and quite possibly one of the funniest movies of all time!!!
5|4245|This is the cutest movie I ever did see. It was also the first animated movie that I watched that tried to make all the characters more realistic by applying bloopers at the end. It worked wonderfully. Considering I don't even like bugs, this is one of my favorite family movies. Kevin Spacey does a great job, too, in supplying the voice for Hopper.
5|20964|Great 80's sleeze! Patrick is a dancer (ballet and all) he had some great moves here. Reminds me of 7th grade dances...What a rush. Jennifer did a wonderful job as well. Really cute movie. Puts you back to being about 17 years young when you watch it. I love that part as well! 
5|14419|I really loved this movie. Almost every detail is perfect. The cast, the cinematography, the score, the costumes, and of course the script and the directing. I think Julianne and Todd are one of the greatest teams in Hollywood. It's sad that Far from Heaven didn't get as much recognization as it deserved. However it will always be one of my favorites.
5|7994|Robin Williams was awesome! The movie has a great message and story. A combination of a great story and a great actor has endless possibilities.
5|13376|RUN FORREST RUN!! Mama always said that life was like a box of chocolates, you never know what your gonna get. This movie is absolutly hilarious! Tom Hanks did such a good job, but I found a lot of adult content in it, and that turned me off a bit. But, I suppose thats the going rate for a good movie.
5|6452|The last great action Western Hollywood would ever produce, with a star-studded roster the caliber of which wouldn't be seen again until IT'S A MAD MAD MAD MAD WORLD. Everyone can usually name five of the seven actors, but draw a blank at naming the last two (kinda like The Seven Dwarves): Steve McQueen (in his defining role), Yul Brynner, Charles Bronson, Jim Coburn, Bob Vaughn, Brad Dexter, and Horst Bucholz. They're all hired to "shoo some flies away from a little village down South", with the lead horsefly being the unctuously rat-like Eli Wallach. Shot in Mexico, the Sturges direction makes the change from samurai to cowboy seamless and natural, and when Elmer's score chimes in, you can feel the swell of adventure in your collarbone. Barely a thing wrong with this classic (lingers on a message or two, then snaps back to the job at hand). Skip the afternoon broadcasts and opt for the DVD, as Letterbox is the ONLY way to take everything in. A grand end to a beloved era.
5|6334|A finely crafted, carefully scripted and well acted movie. It has aged surprisingly well, although it probably doesn't have much appeal for the gunfire and car-chase crowd.
5|22815|wicked
1|1874|Awful, awful, awful. Nick Cage's worst movie and this is the guy who made Con Air. Magnetic boots that hold prisoners in place? What am I six years old?
5|2152|It set the bar so high it took 25 years for a movie to come even close!
1|15596|Biggest all time flop of 'Titanic' proportions. Don't even bother considering it because the acting stinks, the theme song will never get out of your head and you'll spend your time better sleeping.
5|18551|This movie has always creeped me out. Heather O'Rourke was perfect as Carol Anne. May she rest in peace.
5|5629|A classic suspense film. Among Alfred Hitchcock's best, and that's saying a lot!
5|9013|This is a great romantic movie. Woody Allen at his best. Annie Hall is funny everytime you watch it.
5|13404|My fav. tied with Private Ryan. Every thing you want is in this movie.
5|22801|I have not read any of the Harry Potter books, but I did not need too. I've seen the first two movies and they are two masterpieces. They will go down in history as classics. The movie is a pure cinematic gem that will take you into a world of wonderment and awe. Daniel Radcliffe is superb as Harry Potter who can act just as well as the veteran actors he's working with which include Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman Robbie Coltrane and Rex Harris. The other child actors Rupert Grint and Emma Watson are a delight. The story is terrific about a boy who grew up in a rather abusive home who discovers he is something special. Only more terrific than that, he doesn't flaunt it or abuse it, there is a great deal of humanity in Harry Potter. Story is superb, special effects will leave you in awe, characters are memorable and it's a movie one will want to watch again and again.
5|7758|OMG OMG, SO FUNNY!
1|16935|This movie is a zero. What a waste of time and money.
5|1329|5 STARS TO THE SCRIPT AND DIALOGS
5|7980|This movie not only had funny moments (usually I find comedy movies arn't funny), it also had a touching story. It had a very happy ending and showed us the type of love a father should have for his children (going through all of that, just to be with his children).
5|9775|That movie was hilarious. I laughed so hard that I choked, cried, and almost wet my pants. Bernie Mac needs his own show.
5|13362|One of my all time favorites from Tom Hanks. He is such a talented actor.
5|6446|Oh.., come on people. People, people people. I know I'm gonna misspell their names, but this movie so out there, so weird, so messed up, that it's goooood. Mercedes McCambrige verus Joan Crawford. Ward Bond with his posse all dressed up in black preacher coats. Sterling Heydon as Johnny Guitar. I don't think he knew how to play one, but he has this little student guitar he carries around. And the Kid played by a guy with Brookyln accent, as did alot of actors in westerns, apparently the old west was full of them. Don't it take so seriously. This is a great movie.
5|18237|This is the funnier, more expensive remake of the original. Campy classic!
5|4251|This is such a great movie for children. I guess this is every adult's wish if they cannot have children to have a real life child. Great for Pinocchio to be able to come to life and learn from right from wrong. GREAT VALUES BEING TEACHED TO CHILDREN. 
5|7770|2nd only to Caddyshack.
5|8443|Mini-Me is the sh*t biiaaatttccchhh
5|22197|When I first saw that the Matrix was coming out I thought it was going to be another big bomb but after watching it over and over again, I really liked it. Good special effects and even the acting was good.
1|5390|Maudlin crap. Capra's worst film.
5|14425|Had Don Cheadle and Sophie Okenedo been nominated for many prestigious awards would this movie have been viewed and raised awareness about whats going on not just in Rwanda, but Sierra Leone, Ethiopia and Uganda? I don't think so. The BBC was the only channel in the world that covered what was going on and to me thats simply not enough, theres more value on human life than people think its just a pity an independent movie is showing people whats going on in the world.
5|10643|I totally enjoyed this film. I thought that it was in fact a really good representation of the kind of ennui that some of us felt after highschool. I think it also speaks about kids today, the post modern sense of fashion, in trying to create a look of your own and to build ideas of your own from what has gone before that is really important in looking at why society is forming the way it is. I didn't think the film came across as too biased in favor of the characters, they were often made to look rediculous. This film reminded me of the sense of confusion that we often feel as we form our identities thoughout our lives. It also mocked the collector and I think you could read social commentary in that as well. We live in such an affluent society that we can collect things, most of us don't have to worry about day to day survival, we can amass luxury items and keep them on shelves forever expanding and we can even build our identities around them as well. I read a lot into this film and I think there was a lot of meat to grab on to, lots to think about and to talk about. That to me is the mark of a really good film.
5|5167|Aside for the nostalgia for the timeless Disney characters and the stunning animation, there was some great humor present as well. I loved the Fantasia reference Mickey cracked when he said, It would take a sorceror to clean up this mess! Wise-cracking reindeer are always funny, as are Donald's destructive rampages. Oh, and the Santa Claus line, Let's see the Tooth Fairy do that! after landing on the roof of a house reminded me of my stories where Santa and the Tooth Fairy are teamed up. Of course, there were good messages as well and no objectionable content.
5|20780|I agree completely with Leis -- one of the best ever music movies. The music is good, and the story is heartwarming. The Christmas season just isn't the same for me if I don't manage to catch this movie! The actor who plays the general, can't remember his name, is wonderful and the scene at the end with the reunion of many of his men makes me cry every time!
1|24011|I think this movie (like Eyes Wide Shut) is a case of The Emperor's New Clothes with those desperate to accepted, by the psuedo-intellectual Wanna-Bee's repeating ridiculous comments; Wonderous, Brilliant, etc. BLECHHHH!!!!! This film was TOO long and boring, there was no point to it. No story, the kid/robot was extremely creepy and I would have had him destroyed. The real kid was dying of a virus and is up and around within ten minutes?!?! The husband brought the thing home and then hates it?!?! None of it made any sense. Alien/Robots?! A Fairy Statue that after two thousand years looks to have been painted that day?! In fact, the entire movie was stupid and our opinion of Mr. Spielberg has dropped considerably. Definitely the WORST Movie That Spielberg has EVER been associated with. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS!!!!
5|4279|I love dalmations! Cruella was some sick lady who had to have fur or die trying. My favorite was the real people one but this is cool because of the way the dogs talked.
5|20958|He's like eye candy!!!
5|843|I heard such hype about this film, but it's one of those movies that can withstand the over-hype. It was so intense, very scary in parts, and it stayed with me for days after. I thought the ending was very clever and executed very well--I was completely surprised. This film really moved me.
5|17892|The ultimate horror movie..........
5|24280|The special effects are awesome, and the plot is easier to understand than Reloaded.
5|14343|The finest acting in the oughts (2000 to 2004) so far---the Academy shamefully overlooked Ellen Burnstyn. Her performance is the heart of this incredible or difficult film. You will not believe your eyes when you see what she goes through. Jennifer Connelly, Jared Leto and Marlon Wayans (appearing in his first dramatic role) are equally believable in this anti-drug film that does not glamorize its subject matter in the least. And it's brilliantly directed--you feel as if you are on the drugs with the characters, because of this direction. A perfect film. 
5|7016|Very funny
5|12732|Interesting that the movie is listed under the comedy category. Moore brilliantly utilizes a constant change of tone and emotion to keep the viewer's attention throughout the entire movie. There is not a down-point in this cinematic masterpiece. It departs from the status quo of hit movies today, acting as an expos of America's culture of fear. Moore directed a thought-provoking film, intellectually challenging the person watching to examine the very society in which they live. The documentary-style film travels around the country, interviewing people from the surprisingly articulate Marilyn Manson to Charlton Heston and two victims of the Columbine High School massacre. Capitalizing on the themes of his book Stupid White Men, Michael Moore explores the view of African Americans as criminals and menaces to society as well as the major theme of the danger of gun violence and why it occurs more frequently in America than any other civilized country. He uses resources such as actual footage of the Columbine shooting, facts about brash, reactionary measures taken by the U.S. throughout the world in the past half-century, and newscasts from local evening news stories to amplify the point he's trying to make. Whether you agree with him or not, this film is undeniably credible and keeps you entertained throughout; it created in me at various points sentiments of anger, sadness, laughter, disbelief, and awe. That fact speaks volumes about its merits as an effective work.
5|24294|This movie is fantastic. Its a visual masterpiece that leaves you begging for more Matrix movies. The acting is talented and the storyline complex. Its one of the greatest sci-fi films created. 
5|1473|Amazing! I loved it.
5|7002|this is one of the best movies i have ever seen its great i have seen it about 65 times and i never get tired of it.
5|857|The Sixth Sense is truly my favorite movie. There is no way to describe the stratification that occurs in the film. This movie should have won an Oscar for best picture.
1|24763|If we're talking about the first one with James Caan made in the '70s its probably worth 3 stars. If we're talking about the more recent waste of celluloid, it barely deserves one.
5|10131|Great competitive movie with a sense of humor that was also emotionally tear jerking at the end, but it ended well. I would go see it again.
5|5615|One of Hitchcock's best. Jimmy Stewart and (wow) Grace Kelly in one of my favorite classics of all time. Did the neighbor commit the murder or not? It's a simple question spun into a very good film.
1|8878|Drugs aren't funny unless the morons using them get arrested!
5|10657|WICKED
1|20263|In general this movie is very boring and quite predictable. Additionally, I will be forever bothered by the fact that the Science Fiction/ Fantasy community cannot arrive at a consensus as to whether or not silver kills a vampire. I like vampire movies and this one was just bad. I was very surprised that Omar Epps and Christopher Plummer actually made this movie. I honestly felt cheated after the movie. I cannot comment on plot or character development because there simply was none.
5|8457|This is such a funny movie!!!! Mike Myers is great!
5|14431|Predictably when you consider the subject matter, Hotel Rwanda is not a particularly uplifting movie. But it is an excellent one. Without giving anything away, Hotel Rwanda is the true story of a Hutu hotel manager of a four star hotel in Kigali who converted the hotel at which he worked into a refugee camp for Hutus and Tutsis during the 1994 massacre (mostly by machete) that slaughtered about 1M civilians. It's an extremely educational film - for example, I didn't know that the Hutu and Tutu designation had been arbitrarily assigned by the Belgian colonialists based on completely subjective physical attributes (e.g. you're pretty tall, you shall be a tutsi). The movie does a really good job of showing that Kigali is a civilized, modern city - and the massacre that took place was not between two bloodthirsty tribes in the desert somewhere. But most of all, Hotel Rwanda illustrates with chilling, powerful simplicity what can happen with out of control partisanship, combined with hate radio, combined with animosity. My wife cried pretty much entirely through this movie, and parts of it are hard to handle. But it's worth seeing, if nothing else for the education, and to see the brilliant performance of Don Cheadle.
1|18924|This movie sucks. The only thing that scared me were the doves. I didn't like it. It was messing with my religion.
5|9749|This should be in a romantic drama category, but it should also be in the top 20. An excellent story with great actors.
5|15868|An absolutely brilliant film, with an ensemble cast that ROCKS. An absolute must-see. Can't remember the last time I saw a film this quirky and memorable. Not a missed note in the whole thing.
5|23302|I have no doubts this is the best star trek movie yet
5|2783|i saw this movie on friday, saturday, and sunday!!!! this was the best movie i have ever seen in any category!! i wanna be an angel charlie call me!!!
5|21515|More 4.51, than 5. Still, satisfying and compelling closure to the Star Wars Sexlogy (Is that a word?). The action sequences were the best of any Star Wars episode -- particularly the light saber duels which rivaled Kill Bill for quality martial arts skill. My only gripe was the movie lagged a bit during the middle. I'm not a Star Wars geek, but there was one technical flaw I noted; the actor playing Annakin is not particularly tall. Yet Darth Vader is humongous (In fact, in the original Star Wars, British bodybuilder Dave Prowse was the man in the Vader suit). Come Oscar time, will the Academy give George Lucas his proper due and nominate Star Wars III for best Picture (a' la Lord of the Rings -- Return of the King)?
5|17919|This movie is about everything - life after death, belief in Heaven and Hell, the breakdown in the 60s 70s of the American family, the effect of puberty on a child and a parent, loss of faith, Christianity's beginnings (the beginning sequence in the middle east is a wonderful Kubrickian omen that evil is coming - like the old traditions of the East are cursing the values of the West), what medicine doesn't know about the brain, and perhaps most disturbing, the sexuality of a pubescent. I think that's the one that bothers people the most. I'm stunned that so much taboo went into this movie. It's an amazing movie. It still makes me very uneasy to watch it.
5|4494|I am a sucker for a spunky chick-flick. Mulan is great, she's not on some mission for women's equality, she's just doing what needs to be done. And that she kicks some major Hun butt is very cool.
1|9347|waste of money!
5|710|This is a super movie, with two super stars; Tommy Lee Jones and Harrison Ford. The team tie up to make a great suspensful movie. This and the sequel, US Marshalls, are definite must sees.
5|23464|Very good movie. I wouldnt change a thing.
5|6283|The Treasure of the Sierra Madre is one of the greatest westerns ever made. It has an intriguing plot, lots of adventure, well drawn characters, and not too many of the cheap stereotypes that bring down many old westerns. And it contains the classic line, Badges? We don't need no stinking badges! 
1|17236|worst.movie.ever.
5|12875|Steller movie, a must see for anyone, and I don't give that out to every Tom, dick, and Harry movie Hollywood chruns out. Oh, and Ignatius, I highly recommend King's Dark Tower series if you're looking for good reading. :)
5|23470|Signs was a very good movie. It had great directing, casting and wonderful effects. Through out the whole thing I was at the endge of my seat waiting and wanting to see what happens next, but also scared the crap out of. What a great movie, this is a movie to buy and watch over and over.
5|6297|I am not someone who is overly fond of musicals but this one is GREAT!
1|3118|um, I'm pretty sure the British stole the Enigma machine from the Germans, not the Americans, guess the lads in continuity missed that fact
5|7189|Planes Trains & Automobiles beats out Animal House??? Oh I don't think so! This movie put National lampoon on the map. A timeless classic!
5|5946|I love the whole affair between Holden and Swanson - it all works. The perversion of the affair, Holden as the spineless gigolo, Swanson as a Beverly Hills nutcase - all worked. Swanson played the vamp / victim really beautifully - very, very hard to do right.
1|320|I hated this movie! 15 minutes of action, 15 minutes of bordom, 15 minutes of action... Go for Braveheart.
5|20179|Are you alone in the house freddy????? 
1|6706|The only reason I watched this movie was because of Rita Hayworth's famous striptease , and it turned out that that was the only thing worth watching. This movie was so bad I couldn't even watch the whole thing. I saw the first 30 mins, pressed fast forward to Hayworth's scene and then shut it off.
5|18380|Scared the crap out of me.
1|1069|One of the worst flicks ever made!! I suppose on some low, low, low level this might have been amusing to a few, but to me it blew. Hard! Watching a movie where half of the time nothing happens and the other half of the time... nothing happens!! The plot was nowhere to be found, the acting so poor that you could throw up (except for Steve Buscemi and Peter Stormare) and an unseemingly desire to believe that all Scandinavians start and end their sentences with ja, ja, ja or nej, nej, nej . Let me tell you, I live in Sweden and watching someone mispronounce our language for over an hour is not my idea of a good time.
5|21501|You're joking, right? This movie started a genre of high-quality science fiction films no one has seen since 2001. Eyes popped and jaws dropped. Seeing it for the first time was an experience I will never forget.
5|22008|The Princess Bride is one of the greatest films ever made. If your looking for adventure, fantasy, or romance you will find a fulfilling movie here. The actors are wonderful. The writing is excelent and the direction is fantastic. I recommend this movie for anyone. From age three to one hundred and three.
1|16882|this wasn't a good war movie. some things in this movie are not true to history. in some of the battle scenes, the japanese soldiers appear to be bad soldiers. in some scenes, most of the soldiers couldn't kill the american standing right in front of them. in reality, the japanese soldiers were the some of the best trained in the entire world. i think Cage is too old to play this part. he's almost 40 and he's playing a marine sergeant. he's too old for the part. If your haven't noticed from watching the movie, everything is off. The american grenades make an explosion the size of a artillery shell. The Japanese soldiers are shown as having no hand to hand combat skills. Terrible historical film.
5|23316|The pick of the litter of the Star Trek brood. The crew goes back through time to get some hump back whales so that an alien probe that had communicated with the whales centuries ago will stop destroying the earth. It has humor as well as a good story line.
5|20637|A Fantastic film. If you haven't seen it yet what are you waiting for? Sureit's corny but the characters are so much fun that it's hard to dislike it. Great soundtrack, Grease, You're the one that I want, Summer nights, all superb.
5|21529|I am not a huge Star Wars fan, but when I went to go see Revenge Of the Sith I was amazed by all it had to offer. The special effects along with the scenery was excellent. I enjoyed the acting very much. This movie really dishes out all emotions. I love the part where Obi Wan and Anakin are battling it out and at the same time Yoda and the evil chancellor are fighting as well. This movie has a ton of action and gets really sad as Anakin destroys everything so great with just one poor decision. Hes that character you love to hate. Go see this movie.
5|22020|Underrated flick. One of the best pure sci-fi flicks ever. Dramatic, suspenseful, great special effects, passably dialogue.
1|10203|My husband and best friend dragged me out to this movie, thinking that this was all about T&A, but it was something WORSE--it was a thinly-veiled chick flick! (Though, it was kinda amusing to see their reactions after the movie, it made it almost worth sitting through it). It's one of those little girl in a big town trying to make it on her own kind of movies, and if you like that kind of thing, then go for it. I'll pass, though.
5|9832|LOve it!
5|15854|Magnolia is one of those films. You know THOSE films, the one which make you think about them for weeks on end, the kind of film where you find yourself the next day, wondering absentmindedly whether that character is going to be okay, the kind of film which complicates your life. This is, of course, a sure sign of a spectacular movie, as any self respecting critic will tell you, and Magnolia is no exception. The cast is well chosen and each member gives a wonderful performance, and the way in which the script does not allow any one actor to steal the limelight works for the film rather than against it, as it might so easily have, as every one of the main cast is excelent. The direction is truly brilliant, and P T Anderson keeps up his reputation for taking risks and trying new things, as he gained from his previous picture 'Boogie Nights.' What other director would have the entire main cast spontaniously start singing half way through the movie? - The soundtrack, it is worth mentioning is good, and compliments the movie well. If there is any bad point about Magnolia the it could only be the commitment required to sit down and watch it. The film is very intense and for three hours-ish this can be exhausting, and so this is not one to watch lightly, but I advise everyone to make that commitment as Magnolia is an absolute masterpiece, definately my favourite film of the year, probably my favourite film of all time. Its one of THOSE films. 
1|19541|Wicker man? Whatever.
5|14592|The best film of this genre, it set the bar high for many films to follow of life in the inner-city. Great acting by Cuba Gooding, but even better by Laurence Fishborne and Ice-Cube. Very moving.
1|3130|Complete Bull ****. American flag waving crap makes me puke. This is a story based on the true heroics of a Britsih Naval team, who went in without any protection by the Naval support. Why not tell the TRUE story. Everything is not the USA. The Americans were not even involved when the event took place.Why does every thing out of Hollywood have to polish the American brass. Even movies like the Patriot covered the true story. The character Mel Gibson played was a ruthless slave owner who hunted his slaves for sport. Yet this stuff is gobbled up like its candy. Please get a grip on reality. 
5|12685|Just like the movie exclaims, "Unraveling the truth about Michael Moore's Fahreheit 9-11." In this documentary you will hear from many people including those who never even knew they were in the Mike's movie!
1|24818|Wow! I watched this movie because I was curious to see if it's actually as terrible as everyone says. And sure enough, it's shockingly bad. I'm not sure which aspect of Battlefield Earth stunk the most - the inane plot, the overdone acting, the ridiculous makeup/costumes, or the pathetic attempts to create drama by showing slow-motion shots of glass breaking every two minutes. How did three otherwise respected actors (Travolta, Forest Whitaker, and Barry Pepper - who was great in Saving Private Ryan ) get themselves involved in such a worthless waste of time and money?
5|10092|jenna elfman rules
5|20151|DePalma's best...remember the shower scene with Angie Dickenson?
5|17931|The Exorcist is absolutely one of the greatest films of all times.And it's not just because it's the scariest film ever made, but it's because it's so perfect, the performances are so realistic and the story is so scary, explicit and brilliant. Turn off the lights, turn up the sound, and enjoy THE EXORCIST forever... 
5|738|This is a GREAT movie. Written by James Fenimore Cooper, the film is a great, action-filled look at history through battles. It is the type of movie where you sit there after you see it attempting to contemplate what you just witnessed.
5|20145|Blair Witch Project was a cool movie. When I left the theatre, I was afraid to be alone. I would like to know who hit everyone over the head.
5|9198|This was the most creative plot I've seen made into a move in a long while. Based on a far out concept, this movie will entertain you during its whole duration and even after, when you find your mind wondering off to thinking about the movie. If you're in for a fun, well acted, well written flick, this is a must see.
5|8286|The most original comedy movie I've ever seen. John Goodman steals the show. Nicholas Cage's best movie.
1|10571|This movie sucked. Keanu, stick to the Matrix, make a Matrix II please!
5|22034|Better than the first one I think. It doesnt have as good a story as the first one though. watch it.
5|15840|My best friend told me that Quills was an amazing movie, but I only thought he said that because it was about sex. However, my boyfriend and I saw it together and were both in tears at the end. A masterful piece, it takes somewhat vulgar bubject matter and transforms it into a powerful story of love, sanity, and censorship. The squeamish should not attend, but others should. The movie speaks for itself.
1|23805|Why anyone wants to discover this crap is beyond me.
1|23636|More like Matrix regurgitated,this movie reeks.
5|20810|i believe no one in the actin business could have done the roles of velma kelly and roxy hart better then renee and catherine..no wonder the got oscars for the roles..thats called talent!
5|4331|i got that movie at home. i love it. i like the ending when all the people are singing. it's the best!
5|2998|Fortunately, I saw Spy Game on its premiere night. I found it to be the equal of the Royal Tenenbaums in terms of entertainment, although, obviously, for different reasons. Finally a smart, semi-apolitical picture from Redford. Anything to prevent The Castle II!
1|24159|I didn't find this movie to be interesting at all. It's just absolutely ridiculous. It makes you think about what you'd do if a huge meteor were about to kill everyone on the planet, but that's all it's good for. It's not entertaining, it's just stupid as the course of action the world leaders take to attempt to save the earth is about as logical as letting a Satanist give a sermon on Easter Sunday.
5|19049|The ending was awesome! Mort's madness and cruelty creates the ultimate beauty of lonelyness.
5|2740|I had real reservations about this film. I usually don't enjoy much that Drew Berrymore and Cameron Diaz do. I was totally shocked. This movie absolutely ROCKS. The perfect mix of humor, action, camp, and sex appeal. My wife and I bought it as soon as it came to DVD. We never seem to get tired of watching.
5|9615|Irish, you just reduced me to tears. lol I laughed my head off at this crazy movie. Sorry!
5|13202|i love this movie. jack nicholson is brilliant
5|6526|One of the best films of all time. Great actors (Spencer Tracy, Frederic March and even Gene Kelly are really marvellous) and a great story.
1|18878|AHHHHHHH! OH MY GOD!! This movie scared the crap outta me!! I couldn't sleep because of The stupid, creepy clown that clown was so so freaky and scary I was extremly scared oh my gosh everytime I see that movie in the store I scream for real!! 
5|7638|I loved this film. I thought it was a clever script and I just had a lot of fun watching it. I even enjoyed the music...and it's not usually the kind of music I enjoy. The cast was fabulous...see it and be prepared to laugh!
5|15115|Easily the best American film of 2000, Curtis Hansen's edition of Michael Chabon's Wonder Boys stands out as a classic of modern cinema, with its exotic characters and its absurd story structure. It's innumerable amounts of fun, certainly moreso than the average film of any genre, including fluffy fun movies in the comdy and action genres. A great script, spectacularly acted. The cinematography is superb... The film, for all its absurdity, is rather solid. A masterpiece.
5|9173|MOST ORIGINAL THING, I'VE SEEN IN AWHILE.
5|13564|A movie that makes you think about life and all the bad things that come along with it. It delves into the dark, taboo things of American society yet it makes you see the beauty in everyday life that we take for granted. Weird movie that keeps getting weirder, but in the end everything comes together and makes sense. Great writing, acting, and really funny!
5|22961|I was extremely surprised by how great this movie is. I thought it was just going to be one of those role reversals with white people being slaves and stuff like that. What caught me off guard was the ending and what it meant in the time this movie was made. Really good.
5|2026|This is one of those movies you can see over and over again and still have the living daylights scared out of you. Not only that is that you don't know what is going to happen. The end is a real shocker and it really surprises you. I love this movie. I saw it twice already and I want to see it for a third time.
5|5991|I believe this one may be one of Kate Hepburn's best character, as she's not playing Tracy Lord, she IS Tracy Lord!!!!!
1|1900|John Woo proved that he can make horrible films with this one. Completely unplausible, the story is garbage. Not to mention the sappy crap thrown in with Nick Cage's love interest. Plus the chase scene was ridiculously stupid. Don't waste your time on this film.
5|10079|Great film and Carey proves he can act when he wants to prove it but I don't think it belongs in the comedy category.
5|17716|Favorite of mine by far! A classic!
5|18425|This does a good job weaving the Anti-Christ theology into pop culture. The device using photographs was unique, at least to me, and clever. The scene in the old Etruscan cemetary was scary. Gregory Peck and Lee Remick almost always did well with their material. It is worth a look.
5|5985|Was a wonderful romantic comedy... a sure classic
5|4443|This movie is a visual masterpiece. The time and effort it took to make this film far surpasses the over hyped computer trash put on by Dreamworks or Disney. This movie has true artistic skill and a great script to add! I recommend this movie to anyone.
5|15101|For me, Traffic is going to be my pick for the best film of not only the year, but the decade. Stephen Soderbergh took a large risk in making a film with a budget, with stars, and a RELEVANT story line, and to agree with another film critic, it is the best drama Hollywood has put out since The Godfather in 1972. The acting was superb, the photography (which Soderbergh shot under a pseudonym) was brilliantly shaky and colorful, and the plot was so wonderfully complex without going over the top that it is too much to explain here and do it justice. Benicio Del Toro and Michael Douglas are the real standouts in this picture, though nearly all other characters are just as complicated and lived in. Soderbergh, even before Traffic was released, was my favorite living director, and with this brilliant epic, he will surely become the same for others. For those who liked Traffic, I also recommend Soderbergh's cut and paste noir The Limey which used many of the same techniques, and it also featured the always lovable Luis Guzman, who in Traffic served with Don Cheadle as the comic relief, a witty live action Puumba of their silly duo. I loved it, every frame.
5|9167|This is a film that I had to watch more than once to take it in. Unique storyline and superb acting. John Malkovitch is fantastic as is John Cusack and Cameron Diaz. They work together extremely well and made it work. This will be a cult film and will most probably be studied by film students. I'm glad I own this film. 
5|22975|A masterpiece. My favorite science-fiction and philosophy film ever (well, how many are there, really?) I presume everyone knows that if you add one to all the letters in HAL you get IBM ... Kubrick's films are always full of subtleties like that. I see new things in this film every time I see it, and I have never tired of it. It has something of Moby Dick in its epic, heroic scale.
5|13216|This movie shows us there exists only a fine line, at times, between sane and insane. In addition, what is considered insane is a matter of opinion and decided by a few people (psychologists), which can be dangerous. For the time, the movie brought people into the institutions for the mentally ill, and showed the terrible conditions and primitive techniques for rehabilitation. The main character also has his own delusions when he believes he knows best what's for the mental patients and trys to force them iont society, and finds they breakdown. He realizes some people really do need to be institutionalized.
5|6532|As a fan of early Hitchcock, this is one of his best. Though it may be a bit rough in places, it has all the camera angles, the snappy dialoge, and the great suspense that made Hitchcock famous. A great flick.
5|14579|One of the most unforgettable and moving films of the last 3 decades. This performance by Meryl Streep is an unequalled masterpiece. Also great performances by Kevin Kline and Peter MacNichol. The story is heartbreaking and poignant. Magnificent!
5|15667|I loved this movie very witty writing and well made I could watch it again and again.
5|4325|one of my favorite!
5|20804|I just saw Chicago this weekend with my parents, and it was excellent. Murder, sly lawyers, sex scandals, and the stage show dances used for Roxie Hart's imaganation made it a great movie.
1|23622|This movie was horrible. I needed a flashlight to watch this thing the lighting was so bad. The acting was horrible. Kiefer Sutherland had the most annoying voice.
5|11401|AWESOME MOVIE!!! All teens have gotta see it!
5|2754|That movie was the best! It was funny too! lol! I lOvE rIcHaRd 4 LyF!!!!!!
1|13939|a truly unremarkably film,,,,but remarkable in its ability to trick people. brimming with unrealistic sentimental nonsense designed to tug on your little heart strings. which disguise the long boring plot and horrible acting of kevin costner. second to water world as the worst KC movie. and second only to titanic as the worst academy award movie in history. 
5|9629|If you are into goofy, slapstick comedy, then this movie is for you.
5|7604|if you ain't from the south it just ain't funny enough.just like fargo
5|12120|I would normally give this one 4 stars, but I'm giving 5 because everyone else seems to be bashing it so badly. I liked it. I can see though how some fundamentalist types might be upset by the Dantean-Catholic-newage vision of the heaven/hell mythos. The thing that was funniest to me at the time was the running gag about how saintly Henry Winkler was! I remember Henry as the badass Fonzie in Happy Days anyone else old enough to remember the contreversy about that character? How times have changed!
1|3695|why must hollywood do this to the man that played vito corleone and jake la motta?
5|11429|My favorite thing that he says is frickin idot
5|3462|I think this was the best in the serise this was the only time that one of Recs's Girlfriends didnt die
5|17058|Leonardo DiCaprio was so0o0o0 hot in it!!!! SeXy MaMa! I lOvE rIcHaRd 4 LyF!!!!!
5|10051|A good comedy should be hilarious of course, but it should also tell a story that alters the main character in some way, as well as touches and engages the viewer. Big Daddy has it all, and Adam Sandler was flawless and brilliant!!! A must-see!!!
5|5775|Bette Davis' finest role. A must see film for fans of drama with strong female characters. Watch for a young Marily Monroe in a small part.
5|3304|I loved it! The action was impressive, though the plot was simple. Much more entertaining than the first one.
1|24603|The original planet of the apes was pretty darn good!.. the new one ( tim burton), was HORRIBLE! DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME ON THIS TRASH. I wasnt that impressed with the ape costumes either, especially the female apes. The movie ( plot, actors) itself is unwatchable. I was shocked that a human actually made this crappy film. 
5|16420|I was anxious to see the Virgin Suicides ever since I read the book saw Sofia Coppola's short film Lick the Star . I was not, by any means, disappointed. Since the plot was described many times over in the other reviews, I'll not go over that, just say that this is truly a masterpiece of a movie. James Woods gave the best performance of his career, as did Kathleen Turner and Kristen Dunst. Josh Hardnett also did an amazing job (I think he did just as well in the highly inferior 'O'). The deep sorrow felt by the sisters was so well conveyed, even knowing the ending, I was still left speechless at it's end. I recommend this movie (and the amazing book by Jeffery Eugenides...which is spelled horribly wrong)
5|7162|This is one movie that I can watch over and over again and it never gets old. Chevy Chase I think is absolutely hilarious despite people nowadays giving him a hard time. I loved this movie, European Vacation and Christmas Vacation. Vegas Vaction wasn't all that and I think it was mainly because I didn't care for who they picked for their kids. Another great movie if you love Chevy Chase movies is Funny Farm!! I have to say that National Lampoon's Vacation has to be one of the funniest movies from the 80's. CLASSIC!!!
1|11860|Terribly offensive movie full of bad role models, extremely raunchy humor and, even worse, the great Santa Claus is turned asunder. Not recommended in the slightest.
5|8251|I first watched this movie last summer, and I'm ashamed I didn't watch it earlier! A Fish Called Wanda is one of the %#$#! funniest movies I've ever seen! I was laughing so hard, I could have passed out! Kevin Kline interrogating Michael Palin about Nietzche (sp?) while shoving chips up Palin's nose and scooping fish out of the fish tank, and John Cleese jumping around tossing his clothes off and speaking Russian are two of the most ludicrously funny images ever put on film.
5|22785|Yeah yeah - b**** and rant all you want but this movie is great.
5|14237|great story based on true story
5|1513|this movie was very ahead of its time and is still a good movie today. probably the most justified violence of any movie
5|8245|Not only is this movie hilarious, but it was very memorable as well. The whole cast truly deserved Oscars for this film. At the time, it was a rare treat for comedy movie lovers worldwide. I really wished Hollywood could make them as good as this one nowadays...
5|22791|I have read the book and have see the movie. Both were great. I was pleased to see that they followed the book so closely. To anyone who will not watch or read Harry Potter because they think witchcraft is evil, my grandfather, a devoted southern baptist preacher, has read all the books and seen all the movie so far produced and loves them and finds the stories to be a wonderful creation of fantasy. So to those nah-sayer, what's next, boycott Wizard of Oz and at least half the Disney movies ever created, burn David Copperfield alive. It's a story, and a good one at that!
5|1507|I found this movie enjoyable, pity what happened to brandon lee.
5|6268|This film couldn't be made today. The talent isn't there among the Hollywood elite and no one would consider it an interesting enough story. Great example of an 'old Hollywood' movie.
5|5761|I agree with all the positive comments about this movie. The thing I like best is the timeless subject matter. You know people still act like this today. It would do well for those with huge egos like Margot to look over their shoulder every now and then to see who is trying to creep up and take their place.
5|923|My favorite movie of all time !
1|24171|Armegeddon is a total waste of your time. The movie is too long and extremly boring and dull. There are no exciting scenes and you can't tell what anyone is really talking about. I would stick to something else.
5|2768|the thin man rocks
5|5007|I LOVE TITAN A.E.!!! And I feel sorry for those suc.ers that think it suc.s. Because it so fuc.ing great!! I guess you gotta have a brain to realise how GOD like this movie is!! I LOVE IT!!!!! 
5|24486|High Noon in Space. Frankly, I like it better than High Noon. The characters are more compelling.
1|18850|Over-rated and lame. This movie bored me.
5|1261|Besides the fact that Pulp Fiction had all the elements of a great movie done by an brilliant writer/director, it served also a gateway to a lot of people. It proved to so many that a film doesn't require a lot of money to be truly a piece of cinematic art and indie films were finally getting the attention they deserved. It inspired a host of Tarantino imitators to create colorful, violent crime films from the sublime ( The Usual Suspects ) to the mere forgettable ( Truth or Consequences,NM ). But what is so amazing about this film (and hasn't even been touched on in this slew of reviews) is that with Tarantino, nothing is sacred and everything is fair game! Accidental murder results in name calling and a hilarious aftermath, sodomy/rape results in a comical bit where Butch can't make up his mind which weapon to save his enemy with, racial slurs are used repeatedly by a white guy who, consequently, is married to an African American woman, and Jules (who breaks a major commandment for a living) recites word for word a quote from the Holy Bible. This film has shined a light on the most taboo of subjects and made us not only stare in wonder, but made us take notice of the one film that mirriors society's own irreverence!
1|17034|They tried to make the movie too deep. It was a good idea for a movie but it turned out horrible. It was very confusing and it was just dumb. It got boring to watch a crazy guy getting crazier and killing people over and over again.
5|1936|If you missed this action movie, you never watched an action movie.
5|6081|One of the greatest love stories of all time.
5|24109|heath ledger is by far the sexiest guy in hollywood.....what a babe!
1|19019|This was a stupid movie.
1|11445|I don't see why so many people are raving about how funny this movie was.
5|512|One of the best movies ever!
5|5588|One of the greatest and most acclaimed American films of all time. Bogart plays his character in a perfectly ambivalent fashion, and Bergman is lovely. The film is the epitome of film noir, so if you don't like the quality or any other movies from that period, this probably won't make a difference. The film has at its essence a profiteer's love for an unattainable woman with whom he had a previous relationship. The story is classic, and any description fails to do it justice. Remember though, this film has very little action, and some of the scenes rely on the audience using their visual sense rather than dialogue.
5|16805|intense.....
5|4696|I saw this movie on DVD 2 times and it's really funny, but I don't reccomend watching it twice in a row.
5|21071|In my opinion, Alvin Lee and Ten Years After, stole the show with Going Home. But the whole movie was great.
5|19288|It was like Psycho meets Silence of The Lambs 
5|274|Braveheart is a bad ass movie
1|6510|One of Kubrick's less known films about the absurdity of war, specifically the French suicide attacks during the trench fighting of WWI. Based on actual events this is a very powerful anti-war film.
5|1088|Great movie -- I'm usually lukewarm about the Coen brothers, but this movie really touched me. My favorite part was that the cop's husband turned out to be designing stamps. Seemed at once humbe and noble.
1|2776|Ahh puke! We got rid of this stupid show in the 70's and now they brought it back. The only redeeming aspect is Bill Murray and even he cannot outway the lack of plot and stupidity of the idea. And Drew Barrymore, ohh, I am near vomitting, I'm not going to make it, bleechhh! 
5|14974|Best movie I have seen since Titanic. Should be required for all young people to get a brief understanding of the sacrifices made by the people who founded this country. I applaud Mel Gibson for making a film with such strong conservative values.
1|18461|About as scary as seeing dog droppings from another dog in your yard.
5|14960|What a great movie!!! I give it 5 stars without a doubt. If I could, I even wanna give more than 5 stars. I love the movie itself, actors (chemistry between veteran Mel Gibson and new-comer Heath Ledger's are sooooo good), soundtrack! I've seen the movie three times and I can't wait till it comes on vhs or dvd.
1|18475|This was the worst movie series ever. It wasn't scarry in the least. It was just plain stupid.
5|260|Great movie with a love story in it. Bloody and romantic- something for guys and girls. Long movie too so you get what you pay for.
5|506|A fantastic movie from start to finish! Was the first time I ever saw the acting of both Ray Liotta and Lorraine Bracco and they both were superb! Great story and really great acting. It's one of those movies I have taped and can watch over and over and enjoy it each time!! 
1|15637|This is pro Notre Dame propaganda and that's it.
5|4682|'Lilo and Stitch' was the first animated Disney feature I've been to see at the cinema in quite a few years now, and it really hit the spot! It wasn't brought to life in anything close to the acclaimed 3D eyecandy that seems to be in vogue, but instead opted just for simple but beautiful and highly vivid animation that I liked it all the better for. The story too is simple but powerful, dealing with some very complex issues as well as managing to keep you entertained for every moment that passes - an ammoral and destructive little creature on the run from the intergalatic police takes refudge with a lonely little orphaned girl, and the two each make their own individual discoveries, which carry the poignent messages of the importance and love and family, even 'broken' ones. The soundtrack is almost exclusively Elvis Presley, which sounds pleasant enough, a welcome variation on original songs sung directly by the characters. The best Disney film in a decade (that's right - it's even hotter than 'The Lion King'), and a wonderful experience to sit through.
1|23385|From the trailers and reviews, one gets the impression that this one of those moronic angst-ridden pseudo-art films. BORING!
5|21065|The movie is really well made, but not well cast...(except for Val Kilmer). Meg Ryan should not be playing Jim Morrison's wife/girlfriend. Still, by the end of the movie it was very hard for me to separate Jim Morrison from Val Kilmer. He does an excellent job. Do not watch this movie if you are in love with Jim. You'll come out despising him. Cinematically, the movie is superb.
5|13969|Taxi Driver is a great movie that portrays loneliness.
5|1922|John Travolta and Nicholas Cage were phenomenal. The plot twists in the movie were excellent. I enjoyed the movie very much.
5|6095|Actually, this was better than the first one, with elements of humor thrown in with the scares. The director and stars manage to convincingly portray the monster as something to be pitied, and that's not easy to do. It's really sad in a way to watch the final scene where his bride rejects him, because all he really wanted was to be loved.
5|23672|All of you are complete morons for thinking that it wasn't the best movie you have ever seen in your life. All of you need to get a reality check and see how actually good it was. Stop trying to bring down such a good movie. It was awesome, so accept it you under-educated freaks.
5|4872|Though deadpanned by the critics, I have always thought it was underrated. A terrific family film, Steven Spileberg once again creates a magical world to immerse yourself into. Dustin Hoffman is utterly perfect as Capt. Hook and Robin Williams somehow succeeds in transforming into Peter Pan. Full of color, a wonderful score and touching story, it attempts to tell the untold story of whatever happened to Peter Pan. A joy to watch as a family.
1|12170|This has got to be the ABSOLUTE WORST movie I have EVER seen!!!! I could not believe the producers would put out something this awful. There was none of that humor that makes the Garfield comic strips so funny. No kicking the crap out of Odie, no humorous jokes about Jon, no nothing. This movie lacked substance, it really did. I would rather have lost the $8.50 I spent on the ticket on the streets somewhere rather than sit for an hour and half forced to watch this mess because I don't like to waste money. I hated this film!!! The least they could have done was make Odie animated as well then maybe they could have done some of funny things they're known for doing to each other. But, you could tell that this sh*t was low-budget. The acting was terrible, the set was terrible, the cast was terrible, the plot ridiculous (Odie gets kidnapped by a TV show host because he can dance and the guy wants him for a co-host and Garfield sets out to rescue him). At the end Jon ends up with Liz the vet. Now that would never happen in the actual comic strip. STUPID!!! I am really ranting here but I am actually a big fan of the comic strip, I own several books full of them, I've bought posters, the works so I feel I can really be a critic here. This movie did not represent what Garfield is really about at all. It was pathetic. The End.
5|13941|I liked this movie because it showed American Indians as wonderful people, not savages. It showed how the American settlers took advantage of the poor Indians. Kevin Costner looked pretty hot in the movie.
5|22544|I don't think this one was ever topped by Batman Forever, Batman Robin, or maybe even Batman Returns. Jack Nicholson was of course perfect. Tim Burton makes an interesting film here: a comic book generally for children made into a gritty, dark, cold film with some true great action and acting. I can smile just like Nicholson's Joker. I should really buy this one. Ooh, I got a live one here! 
5|8090|He helped draft the Port Huron statement and was a roadie for Metallica! That summed up the dude's accomplishments. What a great flick!
1|19025|CRAP CRAP CRAP! the only reason it got one star was cuz johnny was in it..and hes awesome...
5|13799|It was a long movie but incredible. It was one this years best. Great cast.
5|14948|Mel Gibson, what can I say? It is definitely one of the best summer movies with a great plot, acting, and smooth transitions between scenes. The only complaint I had about this movie is that it is too much like Braveheart.
5|22222|A very innovative movie, neat effects, without a lacking of plot. It made you think when you finished watching it. It also made me question some things in life.
5|6903|Really great comedy. Leslie Neilsen was excellent.
5|16187|Scorsese s Gangs of New York is a sweeping epic of historic fiction as well as a magnificently crusty film. The recreation of the mangy Five Points sector of old New York coupled with the authenticity of costumes, makeup and other sets offers a genuine smorgasbord for the eyes. A smorgasbord that has been dumped in the dirt and stepped on a few times - but an undeniable visual delight none the less. Aside from this amazing attention to detail the film also offers a stellar cast with excellent performances by one and all. Daniel Day-Lewis, however, is by leaps and bounds the obvious standout in this group. His portrayal of the despicable and bloodthirsty Bill The Butcher Cutting is one of the most bone chilling I have seen on film since Anthony Hopkins first gave us the shark-eyed Hannibal Lector. If there is any justice in the world of show biz, Day-Lewis will accept an Oscar for his wonderful performance this coming year. This epic gives us a peek into a very dark and desperate time in the city s history a time I am very happy not to have lived through. Set before and during the Civil War, it tells the tale of the effects of poverty on both downtrodden immigrants and the so-called native born American citizens. We see their struggle to keep their heads above water as they daily deal with the effects of pig-headed prejudice and injustice in world that is so violent, bloody and squalid that it makes most of our lives look like life in a palace. Though it is based on actual riots and problems of the time, the story probably had as many facts involved as the tales found in Titanic and Braveheart . But, since my main purpose for going to the theater is to be entertained, like the two above mentioned films, Gangs of New York certainly did not disappoint.
5|248|Mel Gibson is the best actor in the world, and one of my favorite movies he made was Braveheart. That was the only movie that made me cry.
1|12616|Well, it was a good start to the new Brangelina movement. They got to make out in a movie, and not feel extremely guilty about it. It was all scripted...or so we think.
5|23128|This movie is great!! it has great songs, dialogue, and muppets. its one of the most underrated childrens movies out there.
1|16464|This is easily the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. I didn't mind the IDEA of making a modern Romeo and Juliet, but this movie bombed it badily. Who had the stupid idea of using the old language with the modern movie? Nothing from this movie can be saved except to say that it was crap.
1|3440|I had been wanting to see this film since the previews started four years or so ago (Slight exageration) and by goly if I wasn't disapointed as a small child who receives a Kid Rock C.D. for Christmas. WHAT A WASTE OF TIME. I don't give a damn about a stupid love story! That isn't what Pearl Harbor was about! I care about the history not the stupid friggin love triangle thing! If I wanted that mellow Drama BULL Sh*t I would have gone and seen HERE ON EARTH or some other teeny bopper crap movie with a love triangle in it. Stupid side plots like that have no porpous in what could have been a very fine war drama about America and one of its greatest loses and most horrible disasters. This film should have been titled Pearl Harbor's All That or Sleepless in Pearl Harbor. This movie is a travesty and I am ashamed for ever going to see this peice of trash. What complete poo.
5|6917|I was smoking some bud about two weeks ago and I laughed like I never laughed before. This is THE comedy movie for people who want to get high or drunk and view cinematic absurdity.
5|22236|Excellent, gritty film with Arnold battling an alien with many high-tech weapons at his disposal. You never really doubt who will come away the victor, but that's why we go to the movies, to see the struggle.
5|13955|A groundbreaking powerhouse of a movie! One of the finest acting performances of all time by De Niro and inspired direction by Scorsese. Disturbing but brilliant and deserves it's cult status. How did this not win any oscars? De Niro still gives me goosebumps in the Boom, Boom scene...
1|3326|I'm still on Planet Earth right?!?!? Hello!! People work with me here. Where to begin, where to begin. How 'bout I walked out of this film in the first half hour and demanded my money back! I couldn't believe what a parody this was of the first one. I didn't think the first one was fantastic but at least it stayed in line with the type of visuals, acting, and suspense of the show. This thing was just a non-stop oh my god is this cheesey scene after another. When he's rock climbing and jumps 20 feet and DOWN to his right and slides down the rock face until he suddenly grips a protrubing pebble?!!? Then he decides to turn himself around and hang for a couple of minutes while he stares off into space with a Goddamn I'm cool look on his face. Or the bathtub scene, or the dance floor, or the two cars doing 360 after 360 stuck together. Give me a break!
5|12493|Nowadays, people don't seem to understand the word TALENT!!! (Singing, Dancing, Costumes, Settings A++++) The Phantom of the Opera is an excellent movie that was well written and composed in an excellent fashion. Not only was the plot interesting but the settings were very beautiful and the music was spectacular. Whether you enjoy classical music or not surely you can appreciate the effort that was put into this film. The amount of practice that went into composing and performing these pieces is incredible and you can tell it in the actors and actresses appearance on the set. It is a sweet love story filled with much passion. GREAT TALENT - I kid you not, these people can actually sing unlike a lot of people in today's society. 
5|18800|this scared the crap out of me i was shaking for 2 days
5|21059|One of my all-time favorite films! The Doors have always been my favorite musicians and Val Kilmer's performance is one of the best in cinema history if you ask me! He looked and sounded like Morrison in every way! EXCELLENT FILM!
5|4655|Does it get any more classic than this? While it isn't as upbeat and cheerful as Disney movies, it was still brilliantly done.
1|23352|Why would you want to make a movie out of a terrible series??? They already tried Lost In Space, and we saw how bad that turned out. The X-Files Movie, is about 2 secret agents who are on a fight to save the future...duh?
1|8298|A bunch of cheese this one is. Wow is it cheesy!
5|6042|Since Kubrick is my favorite director, his commentary on the cold war in Dr. Stragelove is highly ingenous.
5|13766|Do I even need to say anything?
5|14009|Matt Damon is HOT. He's great. I watned to be my best friend.
1|10798|Tediously unfunny scattershot comedy is a gross-out fest wasting all three of it's main actors. A bad rip-off of Animal House with no merit.
5|15471|I like this movie because it was very dramatic. It went in depth about our justice system. The actor Sean Penn was brilliant.
5|6724|This is my favorite military / nuclear war satire as well as my favorite Peter Sellers film. People who are fans of this kind of movie know that in 1964 Dr. Strangelove, another nuclear war satire, had Peter Sellers playing multiple roles. But five years earlier in 1959 Sellers also played multiple (and similar) roles in The Mouse That Roared. The film was made during the height of the cold war when nuclear bombs, air raid drills and possible invasions were a part of American life. The smallest country in the world, the Duchy of Grand Fenwick, has one means of income and that is a wine called Pinot Grand Fenwick sold chiefly to the United States. When a California wine maker puts out an imitation and calls it Pinot Grand Enwick the Duchy is on the edge of financial ruin. Protests to the U.S. government are ignored. However, the Duchy has also taken notice that whenever a country loses a war with the United States, the American government sends financial aid to rebuild the country which they have defeated. Duchess Gloriana (Peter Sellers) explains All in all, as I said before, there is no more profitable and sound step for a nation without money or credit to take than to declare war on the Unites States and suffer a total defeat. The Duchy of Grand Fenwick then declares war on the United States. Chief forest ranger Tully Bascombe (again Peter Sellers) gathers an army of about twenty longbowmen, charters a tugboat, and they invade New York City intending to surrender as quickly as possible. As luck would have it the entire city is deserted and everyone is underground for an air raid test because nuclear scientist Dr Kokintz has his new secret weapon, the Q-bomb, within city limits. The army wanders around the city looking for someone to surrender to when they are spotted by a civil defense team that mistakes them for aliens from outer space due to their 14th century uniforms. They end up at the New York Institute for Advanced Physics where Professor Kokintz has built a working model of the Q-bomb. The Grand Fenwick army captures the professor, his daughter, the Q-bomb, a U.S. army general and four New York Policemen. When they arrive back at Grand Fenwick and inform the government that they won the war instead of losing it, the heads of government panic and resign and Tully Bascombe is made Prime Minister. They form a League of Little Nations and every small neutral country offers to protect Fenwick against any attacks. To resolve the matter the United States surrenders and they hold talks. The imitation wine will be taken off the market and Grand Fenwick demands a million dollars but the U.S. negotiator insists they may have to take a billion. Grand Fenwick also demands that they keep the Q-bomb and that the U.S. and Russia have a general disarmament supervised by the small neutral nations of the world. If that doesn't happen they threaten to explode the bomb. The President of the U.S. asks his Secretary of War Do you believe they'd really explode the bomb? The Secretary answers Would you have believed they would invade the Unites States with twenty longbowmen, landing in Manhattan off a chartered sailing vessel? The movie is a clever satire about war and also has many little comparisons about life with and without the bomb. There is also a great understanding of human nature depicted in many characters, particularly at the end when Duchess Gloriana refuses to marry the American Minister because, she states, Americans are cruel to their wives. They treat them as equals. They refuse to make any decision without consulting them. They load them up with worries they should keep to themselves and when there isn't enough money they send them out to work instead of earning more by their own efforts. If I am to marry, I want a husband who will be a man and let me be a woman. I'll be able to handle him better that way. The Mouse That Roared is every bit as much of a satire as Dr Strangelove but it is far more lighthearted and good family entertainment. Peter Sellers is excellent and the movie is not only still funny but it's also still relevant even in the 21st century. One of my all time favorites, indeed.
5|13000|Shawshank Redemption is an incredible movie that always keeps you thinking.
5|9417|one of the first non-disney movies I ever saw. I loved it then, and I love more every time I see it. Steve Martin is one of the funniest comedians ever!
5|17266|What else can i say that hasnt been said. A truly beautiful film.
1|9838|Mira Sorvino wonders why her career went downhill?
5|4133|I really really liked Willy Wonka and the chocolate factory when I was little and now when I watch it I'm doubled over with laughter. I recomend this to anyone with kids or just for your own enjoyment.
5|5239|The goofiness and silliness of the characters gives the movie its own beauty.
5|21918|As good as it gets. This sequel to one of the best movies ever is just as good.
1|7801|I laughed only once during all of 'Happy Gilmore,' and it was at a joke that can't be printed here. Adam Sandler is a funny man, but not when he is throwing clubs around and in general acting like a spoiled, immature brat. The plot twists are stupid, the fake hand is grotesque, and the ending has the type of roll-your-eyes cheesiness that makes it so bad it's almost good. The key word, though, is 'almost.'
5|2556|VERY INVENTIVE
5|3648|I like this movie a lot good plot and DMX did some good acton.
5|11603|Well, I thought it was funny. I did actually have a similar (not as intense or long) situation with someone who turned my cable on for a fee.
1|23420|This is quite simply one of the worst movies of all time. The plot is not well contrived, nor the story set properly. The characters and scenes are very surrealistic, almost to the point of existentialism, and the humorous portions of the film are rather transparent. The story is very predictable, and the special effects, mediocre. I cannot recommend this movie to anyone, and while Chris Tucker was funny, he was also tedious and unnecessary. Additionally, the love story was thin, and under developed while Gary Oldman was just stupid: so much so, that I believe his performance in Lost in Space was better than this one.
5|4127|When this comes on TV, the kids are glued to it. I have loved this story since my childhood.
1|20129|This was the worst movie ever made!! It was a waste of money and a waste of hype. The whole idea of not giving the actors a script is ridiculous. If there is no script, then how can any story be told. In my opinion, this movie was a waste of my time and $7.00.
1|19970|Hated it.
5|9403|This was a very funny movie with a great cast. Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith worked great together. I thought the story was very original and the script was witty and good.
5|13014|It makes you care about horrible people...great.
5|6056|Excellent acting, beautiful B W cinematography, superb editing, great directing and an all-too-fitting song. This film is so very simple, yet so very great.
5|13772|Enjoyed it so much I bought the DVD. It's a keeper.
5|1739|This movie has made film noir hip again, plus it has a cleverly woven storyline. Guy Pierce shines in this film!!
5|15303|I have worked in telemarketing (propably called you at dinner time!) and, beleive me, there are actuall people like that carector Baldwin played. One of my bosses used to always say A!B!C! Drove everybody nuts.
1|24429|This movie cannot be helped. The thin plot and poorly crafted sets are only the beginning. Gary Busey doesn't portray someone with any depth, and while Russel tries to properly portray his character, the supporting roles and his scenes are without merit. The story is undeveloped, as are the characters, and the plot goes nowhere. This film's special effects are definitly below average, and the film's low budget shows through in every scene. I would ask Kurt Russell if he read the script before making this, or if they just through a good heap of money at him. This is even beneath his abilities as an actor.
5|1711|THE GREATEST WAR FILM MADE EVER!!! shot choppedand scored perfectly gritty and realistic, brings you into the boots of the soldiers. one of my top five favorate movies of all time. 
5|14035|This...is...perfection. An absolutely marvelous period epic, inspirational and essential, brilliant and funny, one of the greatest films of the 80s. It scooped up a gradiose 8 Academy Awards 1984 including Best Picture, which it highly, highly deserves. I bought this movie on VHS because I loved it so much. Wow! I can't recommend it enough. Just two words: See it. Summary: A BRILLIANT AND INSPIRATIONAL PERIOD EPIC. 
5|12444|This is a very great movie. Reese Witherspoon is stunning. Both her and Phoenix do a remarkable cover of Cash's songs. You don't need to know anything about Cash to appreciate his story. He's got a whirlwind of problems, drugs, women, the whole bit, but his life eventually revolves around his touring partner and future wife June Carter (Witherspoon). She basically saved him from self-destruction.
5|23841|Famous cast, famous sci-fi combines a drama and real class acting from both trek legends! 
1|15804|it sucked a fat one
5|5577|One of the things I hate most about old movies that people talk about being great is they claim one of the reasons as being ahead of its time. Well since I wasn't around then it is very difficult for me to appreciate those movies people acclaim as being revolutionary. What is so great about Casablanca is that people can watch it for the first time today and without having any idea about what things were like when it was made fall in love with it. It is so simplistic that nobody would probably think of making a movie like it now. However, sometimes being simple yields success. A love story, with suspense, and a very different setting from any movie I've ever seen. Finally an old movie that is good for some reason other than it is old. It truly is a masterpiece.
5|10253|This movie was great! It showed how girls can do something all on their own and make a difference without needing help from anyone else. I loved the music and the storyline, awesome!
5|21930|This is my one of my all time favorite movies. James Cameron is the best SciFi/action director of all time. One liners galore. He introduced Edward Furlong.
5|19277|Awesome 
1|24367|What is this movie about? It seems like they came up with stupid plot twists, to explain other stupid plot twists.
1|9804|A shameless Clinton apology from the Meathead. Meathead, I thought you were ACTING when you played ultra-liberal Mike Stivic. I was wrong. Stick with compelling films like This is Spinal Tap, The Princess Bride, and even A Few Good Men (has liberal leanings, but was told in a compelling way - not an attempt to brainwash like recent Meathead films). Let me tell you something buddy: You are a MEATHEAD - dead from the neck up. MEAT-HEAD. 
5|8735|American Pie did a good job of summing up how hilarious high school can be. I look at flutes differently now.
5|12322|Incredible movie. Works best for fans of the 'Firefly' series, but the movie should be thoroughly enjoyable for almost any fan of sci-fi. The character development and writing is miles ahead of what George Lucas has done with the Star Wars series since 'The Empire Strikes Back'. Deserves a shot @ becoming a franchise...
1|19780|The movie starts off right but something goes terribly wrong in the middle. Cyber-Jason? WTF!
5|6718| The Thing From Another World is a great science fiction film, possibly the greatest of all the science fiction films of the 1950s. Sure, we don't see much of The Thing, but his presence is there. The very thought that could come from around the corner, or through the wall at any moment is very frightening, and I can imagine how kids movie-goers felt when they saw this film on the big screen for the first time. I love this movie.
5|12336|This movie is really good. It isn't the same old story we've all seen a million times...its very original. It just came out on DVD recently and I recommend that you at least rent it. If you have ever read "Brave New World" (which everyone should its a great book) you will appreciate the similarities.
5|8721|It's sooo funny. It uses a lot of non-actors in performance. Things are really close to campus life. Lots of conditions that are close to teenagers. Good for teenagers and their parents.
5|15459|Really enjoyed this film, acting was superb, great storyline, great lines and music...felt good leaving the theater...
5|1063|I think Fargo is an excellent movie because it's not what you expect. I don't even know what I thought it was going to be about, but when I heard about a wood chipper, I had to see it. The performances were excellent, right down to the accents (and yes, people do talk like that in N.D/MN, it wasn't an exaggeration, I was born in Fargo). I think this was William H. Macy's best performance (portraying Jerry Lundergard). I love it when the finance company keeps hounding him about the VIN numbers for the vehicles, truly helarious. I questioned why the movie was called Fargo. After all, the only scene that took place in Fargo was the first five minutes of the movie, where the deal was set. The majority of the movie took place in Brainard MN. Then I finally got it. Would you rather see a movie called Fargo or Brainard ? Makes sense, huh?
1|19794|Clearly a HUGE step down from the quality of the first and surprisingly unentertaining. While I find most Nightmare sequels to be senseless, they are at least entertaining (except for this one).
5|13028|This is on my Top 10 list.
5|10521|Hilarious slapstick romp!
5|11159|I loved this movie, it was the best of the 3, i though. It was so funny, I watched it with my whole family, and we all laughed, but my 9 year old brother didn't get some of it.
5|16636|I just finished watching this movie for a second time and love it even more. If you want car chases, gun fights, romance, or comedy then you'll be disappointed. If you want to see a REAL movie and one with substance, then 25th hour is a good one. An awesome look at a man who had it all (great friends, love of his life, loving father, etc.) and threw it all away. Spike Lee gets the audience to feel what the characters feel. Also, 25th hour proves that Spike Lee is more than just movies about race. He made a wonderful movie about HUMAN suffering.
5|3112|Anthony Hopkins gave a superb performance in this thriller. There aren't too many movies where you see how deeply disturbed serial killers can be. The fact that the killer was attempting to end his sinister ways also made this film unique.
5|5563|One of the best movies of all time. I see something new everytime I watch it. The script, performances and direction are all superb.
5|9359|This movie is entertaining and adorable. It gives folks a different view of cute,popular, seemingly shallow people. Its funny and modern without being stupid and vulgur.
5|14021|Very sad.
5|22593|Rocked!!
5|8047|This movie was so funny. I really loved it. I've seen it 3 or 4 times now, and it's funny every time. Go see it!
1|23447|It is a cheap, unorignal remake of a cheap, unorignal movie called WAR OF THE WORLDS. The acting was poor. The plotline totaly unrealistic and the ending to pat and easy. Nothing scary or surprising about this one.
5|17215|I liked it and can't understand why this movie is at the bottom of the list. The actors were great and it had quite a fascinating cast. The setting in Dallas was interesting and there were some funny light moments. Richard Gere is always great.
5|1038|My favorite Bruce Willis movie. You gotta love the scene when he runs through the cut glass.
1|21250|The real crime is that theme song! KILLL IT!
5|6757|Still the best giant monster movie even with the dubbing and cut footage from the original 1954 japanese version. Raymond Burr is quite good in this American version, it was the first movie to scare me as a kid and at the same time enthrall. I can still watch it over and over even today at 31 years old and get the same feelings it gave me back when I saw it at 8.
5|13073|I watched this as part of my English class during 10th grade. As I am a fanatic about world history, I thought this movie was beautifully made. Rather disturbing, since I had never seen a Holocaust movie, previous to it, that used so much detail. I'm glad that the school approved it as part of the curriculum though.
5|15364|A dark tale of a young man who finds just underneath the lovely top soil of his beloved home town, Lumberton, lies a very, very, sick and twisted side. One he cannot fathom. Until the day he goes to pay a visit to his father in the hospital and on the way home finds a severed human ear. He takes it to the father of his good friend from school who happen to be a detective. The detectives daughter gives Jeffrey some tid bits of one of her fathers conversations about the case. This leads Jeffery to an eclectic older mysterious woman and through her he meets a drug addicted sadist named Frank. A dark and Erotic murder mystery begins to unfold around Jeffery and soon finds himself to be a major player in the sinister game. Blue Velvet is a master work of the phenominal director, David Lynch. One of his most noteworthy works and well deserving to be. Was nominated for best picture and best director in 1986. Very surreal and beautiful with great symbolism through out. Another masterpiece from artist David Lynch. HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!
1|17084|Strange movie. I wasted my money renting it.
5|1986|This movie kept me on the edge of my seat, and it wasnt because there was something nasty on it. Very suspenseful, it kept me guessing until the end. Great for a cold rainy night with friends.
5|6031|Hysterical comedy on a scary subject. Brilliant direction from the master - Kubrick. Performances from Sellers, Scott and Hayden are first rate. Highly recommended.
5|13715|If it's got Robin Williams in it especially when it's dramatic it must be great, obviously I'm a Robin Williams fan.
5|18640|Great acting, great thriller!
5|17573|Wow do I like this film. Well done, beautiful cinematography, wonderful character, and a very compelling story. I've seen this film several times and would have no hesitation watching it again, in fact I'd look forward to it. When the Grandpa pulls a shotgun out from under the breakfast table, and in front of the whole family tries and fails to shoot a mouse in the doorway and everyone falls silent as he stews over it (great grumpy, fuddy duddy English grandfather) and the little boy says I think you got him grandpa, I think he was limping Well you have to see it but it's funny trust me.
5|4626|One of my all time favorates. Simply Great!!! Very innovative and funny and wierd but that's what the movie's all about. The power of the imagination. A classic story.
5|2243|I think this is a quality movie. It has a bit of everything- action, adventure and romance. And how could it not be a good movie with Val Kilmer and Tom Cruise in it? I think it's an old movie that will always be good.
5|17567|A film about an old man who ends up caring for a little boy and adopting him, because his mother does not return. Light-hearted and touching!
5|10208|piper perabo hubba hubba
5|11116|Although I hate Jim Carrey, I found myself doubled over with laughter throughout the whole movie.
5|8008|murray again
5|1992|It was a great movie that i felt welcome back Hitchcock . If H tchcock was alive he probably would give the same rating to this film. I strongly recommend this film to all psychologic-stress film lovers. Also Pfeiffer is again excellent both with her beauty and her act which gives the horror scenes double or triple effect. This film should be seen!
5|6025| Where the hell is Major Kong? 
5|9316|Probably Spielberg's best film, this one is overlooked at times, even though it was groundbreaking. The use of live actors with animated characters had never been done in an entire feature length film to my knowledge. The characters are fun and funny at the same time, and the voice-overs are brilliant. Unlike a lot of Spielberg's films, there is actually a plot to this one. Someone is trying to destroy toontown.
5|14708|This movie was so good. The fact that it was a true story made it great.
5|13067|The movie really taught me a lot about my life and how to act.
5|12379|Top notch movie making here. You can bring anyone from 3 to 83 and they will be entertained here!
5|15416|Julia and Sean were perfect for each other in this movie! It had a good story line and the hip hop was really cool. Over all it was a really fun movie.
1|10099|This is the most unfunny, makes no sense movie I have ever seen.
1|19903|Scream I loved. Scream 2 was okay. Put this money-grubbing, pointless piece of crap in the back of the bus with Bride Of Chucky . Even the actors look embarrassed to be in the movie... Talk about beating a dead horse...
1|12856|What happens when you send 16 beer-drinking teens to Mexico? You have The Real Cancun, possibly the worst film in years. I was hoping for something along the lines of The Real World , in which we have interesting characters, but just an extended storyline, with some nudity and sex. Instead, we just get a bunch of drunk teens, with a tiny bit of nudity. This makes Jackass look like a masterpiece.
5|11670|probably one of my FAVORITE movies.
5|4154|This is a better movie for adults than for children. I think it is a little too scary in some spots for kids. That being said, it is a great movie and a perfect adaptation of the novel, Charlie and The Chocolate Factory. Gene Wilder is perfectly cast as Wonka and the collection of child actors is wonderful. It's kind of amazing, given the quality of their performances, that they were largely never heard from again.
1|23453|You are an alien race, Super Higly Intelligent, capable of space travel and plantetary domination. So WHY I ask would you travel to and try to dominate a world which is 75% water, which is something that is your biggest weakness. Just that alone kills all credibility of the plot and makes the movie terrible. Also, the whole divine intervention, man angry at God, etc just doesn't go with an alien invasion subplot. It was not the least bit scary...well I was scared that if I died on the way home, this movie would be the last thought on my mind. Perhaps I was expecting the same quality as in The Sixth Sense and Unbreakable. I guess I was wrong. This director didn't even come close. There were so many little tangents he went out on and didn't even attempt to tie them together. The characters had no development and were inconistant. The wife could see things as she was gonna die, but couldn't see that she was gonna die. There was no surprise ending and the aliens looked like atheletes in body paint. Also, when the embattled earth was dealing with the invasion, which was killing thousands of people, why would the media wait until after the commercial to announce the primative miracle weapon ? Come on. 
1|7872|I will never understand why anyone has anything good to say about this movie. I walked out of the theatre amazed at the crap I had just seen. I couldn't connect the good reviews to what I had just witnessed. Go figure.
5|2525|this movie is awesome and conner and murphy are fine as hell and the old bartender is the man!!!!! And always remember...Don't cross the road if you can't get out of the kitchen!
5|18132|What can I say, this is a classic and the Grandfather of modern zombie films. You know, the living dead aren't for everyone. Personally I like the idea. And this is the first. What a great idea! The dead coming back to eat the living! You know they out number us! Either stop killing or lose the war. Night of the living dead was a well thought out and well written horror movie for its time. George Romero is very smart when it comes to writting movies from the scientific point of view as well as a human point of view. Every character just about has a real feel to them. Like a neighbor or an aquantence at school. Night of the living dead proved to be a very bankable idea as well as a very expandable idea. The Psycho of the Living Dead genre. HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. AN ABSOLUTE CLASSIC.
5|1004|Great film, Alan Rickman is one of my favorite things about this film.
1|17906|Yawn...i saw this movie when i was eight and it totally bored me to death...i almost fell asleep! However my 2 something year old stepbrother is still terrified that he's gonna get possesed.
5|12351|This is the absolute best movie! all the girls are great actors, and since the books are great, the movie is great! they dont change too much and just everything is done perfectly. i would definately recommend it to anyone i see!
5|7475|Definitely hysterical.
5|22292|Loved the movie! Great plot about the dinos getting out. They had to have the innocent little kids in there too (Who did great)! The storyline and acting was excellent! Spielberg made an all time favorite of mine! Also the special effects are amazing!
5|21943|Amazing!
5|10546|A fun fantasy
5|5504|It it's time, I guess this was one of the most suspenseful and frightening movies of the day. You never expect a main character to be so brutally killed in the very first part of the movie. I still don't want to think about this movie when I shower. This is without a doubt a Hitchcock masterpiece.
5|3175|I loved it. Ladder 49 is a great movie about the Firefighters life. I'm a Vol. Firefighter/Emt and I geuss I'm close to movies like this I will add it to my collection of dvds.
5|7313|i believe you have my stapler
5|24185|This movie had all the aspects of a well done action/adventure science fiction movie: comedy, drama, suspense, and a well-written, well-acted story. The audience is totally on the edge of their seats from the beginning to the end. It was so much better than 'Deep Impact'.
5|13729|wow, is that farris bueler? oh, nevermind. this movies is by far my favorite war film, very good acting and insane reality. I loved it.
5|14046|Excellent film. Sure there are some inaccuracies in it but who cares it's entertainment and excellent entertainment at that. Very engaging, it really draws you in, F. Murray Abraham is absolutely transfixing in this film. He does an incredible job as the aged Saliery. His expressions, mannerisms, and speech is spot on. If you've missed this then you've really missed out.
5|23826|it's been said before, but either you love it or you hate it. most people will hate it. i love it. (i'm different, lucky me!). just see it, and make up your own mind. or, if you need another opinion to decide on whether a movie is good or not, try this one: i didn't get all the face-stretching stuff, or the weird costumes, and the message was like, weird, and heavy. it's orwell made light, if there is such a thing. gilliam's struggle to get it made is a story in itself. maybe it made more sense under reagan, but it's still a triumph of art over fascism (albeit a pyrean one) and it's therefore relevant. it's also pretty entertaining. not a comedy, though, as it tries to be. be warned. 
5|7307|This movie was an extremely funny movie. The characters and plot are hysterical. I highly recommed this movie.
1|23309|I'm not sure why, but all the Next Generation movies just sucked. I liked every one of the old movies, and Star Trek: Next Generation was cool, the Generations movie was good, but starting with First Contact and Voyager, Star Trek just started to suck.
1|7696|Really stupid film, not funny at all.
5|16123|If one of your favorite directors is Martin Scorsese and you think that Robert De niro and Harvey Keitel are two of the best living actors, why haven t you seen this movie?. In my opinion this is a masterpiece, even better than Raging bull , Taxidriver or Goodfellas (wich I really love). Characters like few times I ve seen and the extremely complex personality of the director makes this one an amazing experience.
5|4168|The best disney movie ever. It has great voice talents, e.g. robin williams and it also says memerable and actually enjoying songs that don't annoy you. It's a great movie, not only for children, but for anyone! A great video to add to your collection.
5|21957|Magical fantasy, hilarious with a wonderful cast of characters.
5|5276|very great classic movie. Judy Garland is a great actress. This movie will be around for a long time
5|20491|I really enjoyed the movie. I found the animation very imaginative. Like Sava, I also found the Firebird Suite selection the most effecting and I left the theatre misty-eyed. That was a very moving and spiritual ending! It would be great to see what they could do with the last ten minutes of Mahler's symphony No.8 for the next Fantasia! Symbolizing the movements of planets and stars, it goes from soft choral sounds to great symphonic triumph! It really sounds like it could be the ending of a great great movie!
5|11894|This movie was entirely misunderstood by a lot of critics and most of the public at large. I found it to be a brilliant experiment in acting and use of innovative camera techniques. It isn't a film for the uneducated masses who like Hollywood slop delivered to them in neat little packages. It makes you ponder and listen carefully to what is being shown on screen. It is complex and multi-layered in its approach. The acting of David Hyde Pierce is exquisite and his character is definitely the heart of the piece. Catherine Keener and Mary McCormick are also great in this film. Steven Soderburgh is one of the most talented directors in the business and Full Frontal will some day be recognised as the masterpiece it really is.
5|1010|Innocent People were held hostage in a high rise building, and Bruce Willis saves the day. The storyline was easy to follow. The action was top notch even though the movie was made way back. It has lots of good gun fights similar to John Woo films, and Bruce Willis had the tough guy sort of look throughout the whole movie, he was perfect for the role. I would agree that this original one is the best of the trilogy.
1|2936|They could have done so much better speculating the fate of the 6 men that lost their lives in the storm that was the subject of this super charged over budget HOLLYWOOD flick. The problem is, they focused on cheesy characters and action that was an insult to the average educated human being's intelligence. It is an exciting movie for a 12 year old that likes good action flicks for the sake of action. No more, no less. The story line was so cheesy that at one point, I thought Mark Wahlberg and George Clooney were going to kiss. I may have rated it a two in that case. 
5|23173|Great. Dark and disturbing.
5|6794|What can you say! A classic. The best scene is when Arthur takes on the Black Knight, no no the two best scenes are when Arthur takes on the Black Knight and the bridge scene, no wait the three best scenes are when Arthur takes on the Black Knight and the bridge scene and when Lancelot rescues the damsel well he is not really a damsal, I mean to say , no no no the four best scenes are when ..... St. Loony's up the Creek Bun & Jam!!
1|9650|this rating is only here because the site wont let you give it a nothing thank God that i did not pay to see this moive
5|207| Freedom! says it all. A reminder that there are things more important than life itself. An epic film worth seeing again and again!
5|21764|This was the best of the lot; of course, I like the battle scenes.
1|14228|the only reason the real life guy was awarded the nobel prize was out of pity. they had to dredge up some obscure theory from his graduate days that wasnt nonsense and pretend it was something relevant to today.
5|21002|Great movie and music.
5|2294|I think I would consider this more of a comedy than an Action/Thriller movie, but either way, it was great. It was Eddie Murphy's first movie role and kicked off as good of a start to a career as anyone has had (after 48 Hrs. there was Trading Places and Beverly Hills Cop). Murphy and Nick Nolte were an excellent team. Unfortunately, they decided to get back together for Another 48 Hrs which was awful.
5|561|This is a smart movie that fools you until the end. Excellent.
5|16876|I heard mixed reactions to this movie, but I can honestly say that I loved it! I also love football and a lot of the actors in this movie, put 2 and 2 together, you've got a great enternaining movie
1|20833|whats so great about this movie it sucks
1|11436|was NOT worth the money.
5|23601|I thought this was great. A film which treats it's audience as if you're intelligent. What a change!
5|1789|I loved this movie from the start to the end. It was suspensful and kept me at the edge of my seat. I loved the leading actress, Ashley Judd, and I loved to hate her husband. It was an excellent movie.
5|21016|Yeah, the storyline is quite cheesy, but oh, the choreography, it's so timeless! Fred and Ginger's chemistry cannot be eclipsed by anyone else. The songs are good too.
5|18697|it's a cheapie, it's cheesy, but something about this movie makes ones skin crawl.Tons of atmosphere....I don't know....but this is truly a creepy movie.
5|575|what a classic!from the gripping storyline to the ultimately cool finale this film will rest in your imagination for a long time. Kevin Spacey is magnetic and along with some good support, this makes a classic film noir / thriller
5|4829|I LOVE this movie!! New Groove is Disney's best movie in a looong time! Kuzco is the hottest thing on two AND four legs!
1|15644|Most over-rated boring movie I've ever seen.
5|5289|I have heard that THE WIZARD OF OZ is the most watched American movie ever made. It is, indeed, an excellent movie and I can understand why it has earned such a reputation. It appeals to the sensibility of everyone, basically. It is probably the greatest family film ever made. I remember watching this movie when I was younger. While not one of my top favorites, THE WIZARD OF OZ is an extremely entertaining movie and it deserves every bit of praise it has gotten.
5|213|Truly a masterpiece! This movie has it all: acting, directing and producing! It was incredible.
1|7669|Miserable, excremental, asinine garbage. Its gags are obvious, predictable, and without exception loathsome and lowbrow. The movie was about as funny as a burst colostomy bag, and about as subtle.
5|22279|Holy Crap, Cute and Cuddly
5|23167|this movie is one of few that ive watched 4 times in 3 days. but thats not just because you have to watch this movie more than once to understand it. its because its so intrigueing and so creative that it just blew me away. Donnie Darko is the first movie ive ever seen that combines sci-fi, horror, comedy, suspense and mystery in one movie.
1|19718|Quit possibly the most bran dead and poorly acted horror film I have ever seen. All talent is waisted and is anyone else sick of crap CGI effects?
5|21980|I may have seen this movie ten times, but I can't get tired of it. It's great for anyone who has ever been a little kid, and everyone else too. I know people who quote it more often than Ben Franklin, Winston Churchhill, and the Bible put together. Delightful, like a two-hour chocolate sundae.
5|8785|I went to DR on vacation, and when I went to my room, I turned on the TV and refused to face the 80 degree temperature until this movie was over.
5|12392|Very cute. Very funny. Very well done. A lot of adult jokes, that no child would get, but would laugh at anyway. The penguins were awesome, and so was Melmin (the giraffe)
5|22251|This movie unquestionably is a classic. It redefined the movie industry, with its awesome special effects (although not like that of T2). This was Arnold's step to stardom. He was perfect as the Terminator. This movie was perfectly cast, and Linda Hamilton was exceptionally good as Sarah Connor. The directing was astounding as was the musical score.
1|5056|I wasted 7 f**king dollars seeing this movie in theaters!!!!
1|19056|Awful awful awful A good idea ruined by terrible acting by hip young stars and overly gory effects. 
5|14085|While I would not bother seeing any of Kevin Costner's recent movies, Field of Dreams, is a timeless story that I would watch anytime. It showcases the heartwarming spirit associated with baseball. I got shivers when 'Shoeless Joe Jackson' emerged from Costner's cornfields. This should easily be America's favorite movie about America's favorite pasttime.
1|10714|Dry and boring.
5|1979|One of the greatest movies ever! They should make a sequel! It was sad seeing Leon die at the end, but it was happy watching Stansfield get what he deserved.
5|18867|I was a teenage werewolf,...
5|16686|Stephen King and Anthony Hopkins waht else needs to be said. Great movie.
1|7133|Blazing Saddles is the last spoof you'd want to have on your wish list. It is never, ever funny, and is an embarrassment to Mel Brooks, who really tried his best to spoof westerns, but this movie is totally dull and boring. The characters are introduced to the film, and then dropped from the script and not heard from again.
1|8200|Errol and I have had some differences, but I will fully back him up on this. What a trashy film.
5|17598|Ang Lee's EAT DRINK MAN WOMAN is a feast to die for. Great movie.
5|549|Great Movie. The final scenes of the movie are fabulous. I even liked the Baldwin brother in this movie.
5|13926|This movie I rated a 5 because it emotionally touched me in a way that changed my life. It opened my eyes to view the world in a whole different way.
1|3433|I saw this movie with my mother-in-law. I can't remember laughing so hard at a movie. It is so bad, so predictable, so cliche filled that you have to laugh at this piece of trash. The battle scenes can't save this. This movie was apparently made for the 12 year old female crowd.
5|8791|I thought this movie was hilarious. It's not a film where the jokes are obvious or over the top. The humor is low-key and dry and the actors all seem to be having a good time creating their characters. Fred Willard is a standout as the emcee who knows nothing about dogs or dog shows, but loves to keep talking anyway. I laughed and laughed while watching this.
5|22245|probably my favorite sci fi flick. the special effects dont look bad even 20 years later. arnold was born to play the role of the terminator. pretty tight script, if you of course discount the absurdity of time travel.
1|19724|Normally, I tend to get prolific when I rate movies, but this there is not much to say about. It ranks with I dreamed of Africa and everything else Basinger has done besides Batman and LA Confidential as absolute garbage. The plot is ludicris, the acting was so coarse and seemingly unrehearsed, and the effects were terrible. Had the director removed the effects and given it a tone more like a Polanski film, it might have been slightly revived. I wish I could given this film no stars. 
5|21994|I could see this movie 1000 times and never get tired of it. Stop those rhymes now I mean it! Anybody want a peanut? lol
5|20452|The first IMAX movie I ever saw. A great film. I swear, I got soaked during the rafting scenes!!!!!
1|12671|If there were a marking for zero, I would definatley put it down. As a fan of the show, I'm a little insulted. This movie was incredibly lame and Jessica Simpson made a horrible Daisy Duke.
5|11300|very cute i loved it
5|978|Wow...this movie is powerful. I actually got the feeling like I was a grunt and would never leave. Dafoe and Berenger were superb. Almost hard to watch.
5|17771| The father of horror,Halloween,is a mildstone of the horror movie. It managed to balance a creepy atmosphere,character developement,suspence and what would become the greatest mad man to ever grace the screen. This was no easy task especially with the budget granted to the young film makers John Carpenter and Debra Hill. This influenced generations of horror films and copy cats. You cannot deny the goosebump endoesing score also scored by Carpenter. This is an independent horror masterpeice and is in my opinion the Casablanca of the horror movie genre. Anyone at all interested in horror must see this film. Not since the original Psycho had such a brilliantly made horror movie been made. Do not see any of the sequels. 
5|18442|Love all the OMEN movies. I want some more!
5|14278|what do you think 
5|9100|It was a different topic. Even though it had almost the same ending as most movies, it showed how two opposite people can be the same. It also gives hope that if you do have a tough life it can change.
5|6233|Released in 1941, John Huston made his directorial debut with The Maltese Falcon. The film essentially set the benchmark for film noir and is still studied in film schools. For the uninitiated, the mysterious, femme fatale Brigid O'Shaughnessy (Mary Astor) shows up at the Spade however, Spade is a saint compared to his clients and others with whom he must deal. The bottom line is that The Maltese Falcon is a must see for those interested in film noir and the best of cinema during the golden age of Hollywood.
5|15166|I enjoyed the plot of this movie because it didn't involve sports only. It incorporated family values. It showed a different aspect of professional players along with agents.
5|13271|I don't care what any historian-wannabes say -- this is a fabulous film. It's extremely well-acted (with the exception of Vin Diesel) and the first half hour is so horrifyingly crisp and tumultuous that you actually feel like you're there. For some reason, the saddest part for me was not the dramatic battle sequences, nor the ending in which practically every character is killed. It's the part where the graves are shown in Normandy, perfect crosses stretching as far as the eye can see. They all sacrificed so much, and that was what made me cry.
5|9666|Absolutey hilarious. I think this is the funniest Jim Carrey has ever been, I'm still hoping for the sequel.
5|6555|Elizabeth Taylor's best screen performance. Sexy, seductive, passionate, and vicious 
5|7893|K i don't think it gets much better then this hilarious movie
5|18324|I give all of the Nightmare on Elm Street movies high ratings because these movies really scare me and they make me not want to sleep. They make you stay up because you think it's true even though you know it's not true. The director is really good.
1|23645|both movie and video game sucked
5|5048|I absolutely loved this movie. A great story about caring for another. I also found myself laughing alot throughout the whole thing. Like when Kenai first gets his totem. The bear of love? ...Does anyone wanna trade? x) I really don't see what people don't like about this movie. I'm a huge Lion King fanatic, yet people say that it was a pathetic attempt to be the next TLK. It's got an outstanding soundtrack, (I had to go buy it right away after the theater release) cute characters, a beatiful plotline - it's really just an amazing movie. I couldn't help but cry at the end because it's so sweet, and if you don't know what I'm talking about, I suggest you go rent the DVD right away ^^
5|20877|I enjoyed this movie about the life of Richie Valens. I don't have any idea how accurate this movie was but I enjoyed it. I thought Esai Morales stole the show as Valens half brother.
5|4356|Our family saw Shrek today. We all really liked it. It was a fairy tale that all ages could enjoy. An Ogre and a donkey have to save a princess and bring her back to this want to be king. In this movie there are a lot of the fairy tale characters we have heard about for year. I t is a very clever movie and can be very funny. It has music that even the adults can enjoy. Some of the humor is for older kids and adults but the little kids will not get.Eddie Murphy is funny as the donkey.We considered it a rare treat the whole family can enjoy.
5|15614|Titanic was a very emotional movie that really touched my heart and made me cry. It had excellent actors.
5|9672|Best movie in the world. I had to stop and control myself. Jeff Daniels and Jim Carrey are unbelievable together. It's about a road trip they take and stuff they have to go through. They sing the mockingbird song! Mock-yeah-ing-yeah-bird-yeah!!!!!
5|13265|This movie perhaps was good to me because of my interest in the special population (ie those with disorders/handicaps or disabilities). I work w/Autistic individuals and the movie was an excellent portrayal of what these people are like.
5|6541|Hilarious film with the two greats Walter Matthau and Jack Lemmon. Matthau is Oscar the slob while Lemmon is Felix the complete opposite an anal retentive obsessive neat freak. The two are both hysterical, but I find Lemmon to be funnier, especially in a restraunt scene(as Molfan so rightly pointed out) when Felix has to clear his nose so he makes the awful and hilarious noise. It's classic. The movie was a well made comedy that one can watch over and over.
1|11185|I thought the movie was very stupid, and it wasn't as good and funny as the first one. The one reason I didn't like it is because I almost feel asleep in the theater while I was watching it, and I thought it was too long.
1|3816|Should have been called Mouseketeer. What a disappointment.
5|7887|Just plain great. Makes fun of every mistep made by every rock band from the Clash Mark II to Linda McCartney, and the songs really aren't that bad. Guest's mocumentaries have all been good but none of them ever quite matched this one.
5|1548|Amazing adaptation. Screenwriter/director Curtis Hanson managed to streamline the story, which moves like a bullet. Every word and frame counts, so you have to pay attention. Direction, acting, editing all superb.
5|9114|One of my new favorite movies. Jack Black is great in it, but it is the kids that make the movie.
5|7139|By far the funniest movie of all time. Something funny was said or happened every minute. To see Count Basie in the middle of the prarie in 1874 in a riot.
1|24658|Putrid movie that just stops, as opposed to ends. Mediocre animation combined with a bizarre "live action" animation technique that falls well short of adequacy. 
5|11314|His private life aside(no pun intended) this film was pretty good and funny.I thought his Saturday morning show was pretty funny too.
5|17765|one of the most influential horror films scince the texas chainsaw massacre. john carpenter really out did himself this time. micheal myers is one of the most interesting, unique, and creepy characters ever created. this movie keeps up this creepy feel to it and well, this is one of the foundations of horror today. great score too, really goes with the movie. this is a must see horror classic.
5|18456|that movie is hilarious....scary and hilarious! i laughed my ass off during that movie....thats a 5!!!!!.....nice death scene drew....
5|14244|I thought it was a great movie from the story to the acting to of course the directing. It kept my constant attention. It's the kind of movie you walk away from and can't stop thinking and talking about. My hubby's first words after it ended, It makes you feel like it's never too late to go out and accomplish whatever you want. It made us laugh, it made us cry, it made us feel. Wonderful performance by Russell Crowe, he really made it feel very real like you were right there going thru it all with him (Mr. Nash).
1|4837|Spare me. Nothing could be worse.
1|20416|Like part one wasn't bad enough. This was a waste of film and waste of paper.
5|7111|Absolutely brilliant satire of Westerns and racism.
5|8222|Another side splitting comedy. Ben Stiller kept me rolling with his acting. The Farelly brothers humor is gross and very funny.
1|11813|Ok...now let's add this to our Top 10....worst movies of all time.
5|4|This made Harrison Ford even more of a star than when he was Han Solo. Odd, he was better in the Jones series but he'll be remebered as Solo. 
5|944|Jaws is excellent. The shark IS scary and the music is good too.
5|4418|This one is a gem. It has a lot of jokes that will probably go over kids heads, but that's okay. I don't believe in talking down to kids anyway.
5|10022|Whoopi Goldberg can be funny at times, but she's so often in films that don't fit with her style. Sister Act was the perfect film for her, a Vegas lounge singer hiding from the mob in a convent. Predictably, she turns the lives of the nuns upside down, and they, in effect, have a big influence on her. The personalities of the show's stars--Whoopi, Harvey Keitel, Mary Wickes, Kathy Najimy, and Maggie Smith--are so winning, you overlook some of the obvious cliches.
5|18318|Certainly the best of them all, although i really liked a new nightmare. I have never forgot Freddy and I think he is one of the best horror heroes! No one parties like Freddy! I still remember the tv series they put out. Great film and I love the part where Nancy sees the dead girl in the body bag outside the class room door!
5|10744|I LOVE THIS MOVIE,IT WAS SO FUNNY.IT MAKES YOU WONDER WHO WOULD WIN THE MONEY,BUT NO ONE DID.
5|19006|Good love story ala Romeo Juliette, some special effect a little overdone, but still good, interesting plot, therefore will not appeal to total some blood and gore fanatics. Good acting and story flow. Music fit well. Not a movie for small children. 
5|16335|I'm not going to use this posting to preach at anyone, or try to change anyones opinion on religion. As a college professor who has to deal with many fellow professors who are non-believers, I don't feel like going through the frustration and anger of trying to convince anyone about anything they have set their stubborn minds to. I guess I could include myself in that equation. Anyway, I wanted to see this movie because I am a believer, raised in a Christian backround. Also I take joy in being a historian, so for me to miss this movie, on the big screen, would have been a major loss. I think the thing that really shocked me, even though I knew they were, was how brutal and cold-blooded the Romans could be. One reads about these things, but to see it graphically on film was shocking. The wonder of it all is that God didn't wipe out the human race for what we did. I sometimes wonder if there's any hope for us. While I put the Lord Jesus on a higher plane, it does seem like we always ridicule and kill the best among us (Gandhi, King, St. Peter, Lincoln, etc.). I sometimes think that we are intent on committing suicide as a species. Anyway, while this is a great film, I wouldn't recommend it for small children. It is pretty vivid and I don't think many of them could handle it.
5|9882|When you watch this movie you will be shocked at what is actually shown. They show provacative stuff and the audience is laughing because this is the kind of stuff that is not shown on television unless it is porn. Overall, the movie is hilarious.
5|7677|Austin Powers is full of laughs yeah baby!!
5|1206|my favorite movie of all time, pulp fiction is a masterpiece. i love everything about this film from the memorable characters with real personalities(samuel l jackson as the scripture quoting hitman), the humorous conversations (now look, maybe your method of massage differs from mine,but you know touching his wife's feet and sticking your tongue in the holiest of holies ain't the same f***ing ballpark. it ain't the same league. it ain't even the same f***ing sport.), and the excellent directing by quetin tarantino.
5|7663|Genius! A very quotable and very funny movie.
5|8550| When Harry Met Sally... is the perfect romantic comedy. Meg Ryan and Billy Crystal are terrific in their roles, and the supporting cast members (Bruno Kirby and Carrie Fisher) add a lot to the show. Surprisingly enough, the movie isn't too sappy and sentimental. Even my husband (who's quick to use the term chick flick ) likes this one. There are lots of great scenes- like the car ride to New York, the meal in the diner where Meg Ryan really enjoys her food, and the New Year's Eve parties. I also love the scenes of New York, especially the ones in Central Park, because they make the city look so attractive. Since everything about this movie is entertaining, I usually end up watching it once a year.
5|13259|This is Dustin Hoffmans best performance in my opinion. And I loved Tom Cruise and hated him at the same time. I didn't want to the movie to end.
5|20693|One of the best musicals. A wonderful family movie.I love the fact that this movie is based on a real family. Julie Andrews is terrific as Maria ,We love most of the songs.We have the movie and the cd. A movie about a nun who is sent to be a governess to seven children. She teaches them to sing and takes them on outings. Of course the captain and Maria later on fall in love and marry.and the family has to find a way to get out of Austria to get away from the NAzis. Good movie we all enjoy.
1|13976|My all-time least favorite movie. Took me 4 times to get to the end. Wish I would have never started watching this piece of trash....
1|22573|Even though the female terminator was cool, it still sucked!
5|10988|LOL! i thought this movie was soo funny! it was much more realistic then the nutty professor. i just thought it was really good.
5|19012|For a truly different take on the vampire genre check out Near Dark. This movieis about a cowboy who is bitten by a female vampire and must decide if he wanys to be human or a vampire.Lance Henriksen(PumpkinHead), Bill Paxton and Jenette Goldstein star. All three were in Aliens2.This movie has some great action scenes and is a great Non-Dracula flick. Check this movie out!
5|19774|an excellent well-done thriller in which space vampires infest london. Mathilda May did an excellent job as the pretty but sinister space girl and the zombies and space bats were scary.
1|24664|Does this movie even deserve a comment?
5|950|spielberg's best movie (deal with it). robert shaw makes you care. the shark makes you squirm. schneider makes you cheer. dreyfuss is pleasant. man vs. nature to a degree that kicks hemingway's ass.
5|5712|I love this movie and the costumes are great!!! I could'nt believe Rhett left her, But it was great when they got back together in Scarlett .
5|788|I'm sure I'm not the only one with goosebumps the first time I saw the ending.
5|17759|The original is a classic!
5|1574|An awesome movie. Johnny Depp outshines everyone else in my opinion. Great effects. I actually did not expect anything. So I waited until it was realeased on DVD, but now I wish I would have watched it on the big screen. Can't wait for Part 2.
1|20402|Rip off
1|17245|This is absolute trash!!! It is well...Gigli for god sake.
5|22709|A great movie with two great actors. Patrick Stewart and Ian McKlellan were superb. They play good guy and bad guy the way it should be. Great action and good young actors. I can't wait for the sequel.
5|763|This is a film that should never be missed by anyone. After all, you have to be a Sear to be a believer!
5|3388|I thought this movie was great. I think it made a lot of highschool students think twice about fraternities or secret societies. I thought the movie was very clear, and expressive. The points were made to make the audience think.
1|23686|This was one of the worst movies I have ever witnessed!How can it be rated so high?
5|4381|i couldnt wait to see this movie. i took my granddaughter to see it and it was great. the audience never stopped laughing. everyone seemed to really enjoy it. even though donkey was just as funny this time it was puss in boots that stood out.
5|7850|Great movie.Jack Nicholson plays nasty Melvin who cannot be nice to others and has terrible insults for almost everyone. He has a crush on a waitress played by Helen Hunt. His neighbor a gay man who is an artist is attacked and put in the hospital. Melvin is forced to take care of the neighbors dog while the man is in the hospital.things change from that point on Melvin grows to like the dog and he becomes a nicer person. he helps out the waitress who has a sick son. I like the fact that this little dog makes a change for the better in a man who could not reach out to others, Melvin slowly changes into a nicer person { not perfect, but nicer.} I loved the movie and still enjoy watching it.
5|23371|GREAT GREAT GREAT MOVIE!
5|6582|AAAAAHHHHH!!!!!
5|23365|When I was a teenager our family first got cable TV in the early 80s and they would play this movie on HBO all the time. The scene where Max's wife and child are killed gave me nightmares. The movie is an excellent story of a grief-stricken man getting revenge. The sequels were weaker and sunk deeper into far fetched science fiction and special effects.
5|7844|helen hunt is amazing
1|10258|i don't think i've ever been as nauseated in my entire life as i was during the scene when what's-her-name was jamming on the roof to the beat of the neighbor's music. this movie was long and painful, mostly because of the insipid main character. i like to think that most girls don't identify with this kind of thing.
5|21572|Simply put, Just a great movie.
1|13989|Just another psiquiatrist movie. Predictable. The characters didn't really say anything, to me.
5|18495|Come on, this is one of the most clever horror movies ever made. You really don't know how it's going to end. And it's entertaining, one the best yet cheesy scary movies.
5|5935|There may be other versions that are more true to the book, use more realistic or hideous makeup, special effects, have better sets, and locations. But I still respect this one as the first successful attempt to bring Shelley s very original and imaginative morality play to the screen. Boris Karloff was also very adept at showing us the confused anger as well as the sympathetic side of the monster using only facial expressions and body language. And who doesn t think of this classic makeup artistry when you hear the word Frankenstein? In the 70+ years since this movie was produced the familiar square head, stitches, bolts, tacky suit and big shoes have become more than a costume in an old movie they have entered the realm of American film folklore. I m sure there will be more productions of this story in the future, and some will no doubt be very well done - but I don t think any will ever totally eclipse the first.
1|8016|Unfunny and unwatchable Bill Murray vehicle, with bad screenplay and confusing plot.
5|987|A movie so real it can almost be catagorized as a horror film. The brutality, lose of innocence and the lack of compassion for ones fellow man and how being put in the center of hell can tear your soul and mind completley apart. This is one of the most heartwrenching and interesting films ever made. A true classic that will hold true forever with it's incredible depiction of the Vietnam war. HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
5|17956|This is the scariest movie I have ever seen! It gave me nightmares, as a kid, for 10 yrs! Never forgot this one and the infamous crucifix scene! I have the limitted edition box set and love the new release! Great classic!!
5|15199|Not your typical Hollywood sports or animal flick. Character development is a focus, showing the humble beginnings of key figures who'd taken their knocks during the Depression Era. Provides a realistic sense of history, and why Americans took a personal stake in the races of a once-ridiculed horse. Likewise, it's easy to get caught up in the movie, as all the cast shines admirably. Based on Laura Hillenbrand's superb 2001 book. It's PG-13, but many age groups would enjoy it.
5|24344|I was actually pulling for the Predators to prevail. Those nasty serpent-aliens must be stopped before the whole of mankind is infected!!!
1|16601|This film has many conceptual problems as well as my own problems with the politics in the movie. First Joan Allen is portrayed as being a centerist democrat who was once in the Republican party. However her closing statement in her interview by the judiciary committee is filled with many not only democratic, but extreme leftist views, which could never in reality come from a democrat who had at one time been a believable member of the Republican party. This type of positioning in the film only serves to make far leftists think they are actually moderates and further divide the population. Secondly, based on the statement of her politics only serves as a mouth piece for the liberals who produced, directed, starred in, and wrote this piece of tripe. Additionally, any candidate for vice president under the conditions, which she was to be appointed, would not be confirmed. Her views are too radical. There would be no need for the reporting of any sex scandal or adulterous acts. She simply would not be confirmed. Furthermore, Jeff Bridges makes no bones about his want to have a woman (not just a woman but that woman) fill the position of vice president regardless of her experience or qualifications. While many may agree with this approach, I simply do not. One must test the qualifications of the individual before hiring them. In the concluding scenes of the movie, Jeff Bridges requests an immediate roll call vote of a joint session of Congress for her approval. This is followed by a standing ovation by the entire Congress and applauds as though the president were going to war, which is complete and utter BS. If a woman with the views stated earlier in the movie were being brought up for appointment in that unbelievable, entirely unrealistic venue, Republicans and centerists alike would not stand for her or the words of the president. Finally, Jeff Bridges equates her politics with leadership skills and some sort of political destiny she may have. If you vote against her, you vote against a true leader. While a president might do this in reality, Congressmen can see through such propoganda. Apparently, the makers of this film think the American people cannot. My only fear would generally be that the American people might not. However, the movie was rather poorly attended, so I believe most people can tell when someone is trying to veil political dialogue under the guise of suspense.
5|15827|Not knowing what to expect from a movie on such a touchy and difficult subject matter (having read a little of the Marquis' writings) I have to admit I was both impressed and enthralled. This is not a boring movie and the acting for the most part is wonderful. I recommend it to anyone with a sense of humor and not easily offended. I would like to add I saw this movie feeling depressed after a bad week. Amazingly I left the theatre feeling uplifted and better about many things. I am NOT going to analyze that too deeply! Just go see it. Fall into the story, color, language and costumes Enjoy!
5|9841|This is one of my favorite movies! It celebrates friendship and it opens our eyes to things we might not have realized about our own lives.
5|12190|I thought it was funny, but not as funny as if it would have had its origional actors. The overall quality of the movie was great but not as funny as the others.
5|8587|Great movie! It was hilarious through and through, Sandra Bullock is absolutely terrific as was Benjamin Bratt. I whole heartily reccomend this film to anyone.
5|2914|This was an excellent movie. I did not know much about the plight of commercial fishermen, but after watching this movie I was moved to learn more.
5|20644|Grease is an all time favorite of mine its will still be a classic in 50 years there will never be another musical that will ever have a huge impact like Grease did. As was once said you could watch Grease tonight and still be entertained you could watch it 2 months from now and still be entertained. 
5|2900|Extremely entertaining..I just think Marky mark is so cute..
5|20888|It's a great movie. It shows you the innocence of that time. You see Richie grow up and the hardships of his family. You gain a great understanding of his life, his family, his music. It's a touching movie about a great musician. If anyone loves Donna this is a must see movie.
5|15833|My friend and fellow reviewer, The Marquis (who loved this movie so much he borrowed the name) asked me to go along with him to see this movie. I hadn't heard much of it except for it's sexual brutality. Needless to say within 5 minutes I was totally engrossed in the film. Take a brilliant performance by Geoffrey Rush, add in Michael Caine and along with a great story (although fictionalized somewhat) and you've got an Oscar-deserving movie. The review by The Marquis was a bit harsh on the Joaquin Phoenix, but accent aside he also puts on a great performance-not quite the caliber of Rush and Caine but everyone needs to start somewhere. This film is not for everyone but if you want to laugh and yet be shocked by the way this movie displays hypocrisy then go and enjoy this film.
5|24436|This was a good movie, the acting was a little over the top and the dialog was some what corny but it gave it the 1940's feel. The story is good and some what believable but the effects were great. Why has there not been a sequal or a TV version. Update: Their has been a sequal and it looked like it was done on the cheap, which is why I have not seen it yet.
1|19526|Also a TERRIBLE MOVIE!
5|23359|The X-Files movie fit in perfectly between the seasons of the series. It allowed a deeper understanding of the conspiracy involving Mulder and Scully. The underlying conspiracy plot coupled with the humor of Mulder and Scully makes this movie a hit.
5|12184|if u look at the case of the movie then you probly will think it looks retarded but the storyline is different then u would think it is.
5|22721|This movie appealed ot the younger side. The computer graphics and special effects were good. It had a good message. There were great actors. It makes you want to read the comics and see a sequel.
5|14293|The best movie ever made...thats that.
5|5909|James Stewart is caught in the middle of an Alfred Hitchcock classic based in the Bay Area and San Francisco Bay. Mr. Stewart is a detective called upon to investigate a wealthy man's wife who has mysteriously died. Mr. Stewart, however, is caught up in a twisted plot of love and deception as the dead wife inexplicably reappears from time to time, and an even stranger love enters his life. Highly recommended for those who enjoy a good plot twist and Alfred Hitchcock.
5|993|best action flick ever,especially when it was released seen this movie so many times my old vhs tape literally wore out(no word of a lie) 
5|17942|THE scariest film EVER made
5|17605|Great Movie and a great tool to share the gospel. Christian organizations should create more such clean movies.
5|4550|This movie is certainly incredible! :) With breathtaking computer animation, The Incredibles continues Pixar's streak of great movies. With an interesting twist on the superhero story, The Incredibles finds people upset with heroes and forces them into hiding. While I don't think this would happen in real life, it allows for some great comedic moments. Even typical family happenings are given a super-powered twist. Things really get cracking when the good vs. evil plot is set into motion. The action sequences are stunning and quite possibly the best CG action scenes ever made. There are also some hilarious references to catch if you enjoy comic books (No capes!) and a great ending. All in all, I must recommend this extremely well-done movie!
1|24738|Allthough Halle Berry did her best-this movie didn't stick to the true story of Catwoman the the Batman comics. Whomever wrote the scrip was probbaly high on crack and screwed up everything!
5|7059|Using the original sets from the classic Universal Frankenstein movies, Gene Wilder as Frederick Frankenstein ("That's Fronkensteen.") creates his monster with the aid of his sexy blonde lab assistant Inga (Teri Garr), and his bumbling, bug-eyed, hunchback Igor (Marty Feldman.) Mel Brooks' was huge in the year 1974 as he released his two most noted films 'Young Frankenstein' and 'Balzing Saddles' to the delight of comedy fans everywhere. Here he parodies the original 'Frankenstein', 'The Bride of Frankenstein', 'Son of Frankenstein', and 'The House of Frankenstein' with a few musical comedy numbers thrown in for good measure. Madeline Kahn, Kenneth Mars, and Gene Hackman provide a series of hilarious send-ups as Elizabeth, (Frederick's fiance) police inspector Kemp, and the blind man, while Peter Boyle uses grunts, growls, and facial expressions to breathe life into his portrayal of "the Monster." Wilder is his usual sometimes calm, sometimes exasperated self as he attempts to interact with this group of crazies and use his genius to carry on with his famous relative's work. Cloris Leachman is a laugh riot as the former girlfriend of the senior Frankenstein and current housekeeper for the castle. One of the best comedies of all time and well worthy of it's lofty rating among the entries here. Do yourself a huge favor and see view this film. You might pick up a copy of 'Blazing Saddles' and make it a double-feature.
5|9074|One of the funniest movies of the 90's. The Farley/Spade tandem was unmatched. There are so many memorable lines and great scenes. Chris Farley's death was certainly a tragedy, but he will live forever through this movie.
5|6347|A low starter, but an excellent finish. One of my favorites, with a fantastic hoffman and a beautiful ross. btw, the soundtrack an d especially scarborough fare is the best there is next to the good the bad and the ugly.
1|11783|i've seen better.
5|1428|A brilliant film! Coppola's adaptation of Conrad's novel is beautiful. Apocalypse Now is cinematically excellent, and beautifully preformed. Martin Sheen is so convincing in that role, his lack of recognition for it is a crime.
5|9712|You want a funny movie, go see Hitch! It was hilarious. My friend and I laughed the whole way through, as did her two aunts! It was so funny, and Wil Smith cracked me up, when he was teaching the guy to dance.
5|13305|A lot has been said about the opening battle sequence in this movie, and when I went to see Private Ryan at the cinema I thought I was prepared - after all, I have enjoyed watching a lot of films that contain a lot of violence and it has never really phased me. Wrong! I think Spielberg has captured the essence of large-scale conventional warfare at it's most real, short of actually being there. After the initial fight scene subsided I had to remind myself to breathe. And no, I don't think the violence is at all gratuitous - WWII resulted in the deaths of some 20-25 million soldiers and that's how it is. To soften the blow on the audience would be insulting and patronising. Anyway, the cast acts its way through the film flawlessly and I really felt for each and every GI that featured (the Germans are rather faceless, with one exception). Again, the battle at the end was grueling to watch and I didn't feel its impact was diminished by having sat through the first one. The opening and closing scenes with the old veteran some may find a bit sentimental flag-waving, and the comments about Montgomery were a bit grating (I'm English by the way), but the film is supposed to be from the viewpoint of one squad not a history textbook, so I can forgive that. Overall, one of THE best war films ever made and technically, I think, one of the best shot and directed movies ever.
5|6421|One of the greatest movies ever made -- and my favorite of all times! An historical epic with grand, sweeping views of scenery and humanity -- with a tragic love story to capture the heart. The musical score is terrific! Cinema at its absolute best!
1|20238|sucked
5|15774|I thought this was one of Mel's best performances. Great war movie!
5|20917|Moulin Rouge is my favorite music movie. THE MOVIE IS SO WONDERFUL. Ewan McGregor has so beatiful singing voice and Nicole Kidman is not great to.
5|11512|This was even funnier than the first one, and the first one was a blast.
5|17163|Such a great feel-good movie. It made me happy to be a woman today, and not 50 years ago. My advice, rent it with your mom. It will make you both smile.
5|18250|Vampires!!! Need I say more?
5|4222|This is a hilarious movie. The small bits with the squiral and the acorn made it even better.
5|20903|nicole kidman and ewan mcgregor were the perfect love story to watch..i loved every minute of it.
5|11506|LOVE THIS MOVIE HILARIOUS AND FUNNY LOVE IT ONE OF MY FAVORITE MOVIES!
5|2653|One of the all time greats! Michael Caine and Sean Connery. John Huston adapted the story into a feature film starring Sean Connery as Daniel Dravot, Michael Caine as Peachey Carnehan, and Christopher Plummer as Rudyard Kipling. Now what could be better in an old fashioned adventure yarn? While at the offices of the Northern Star newspaper, Rudyard Kipling is approached by a ragged, seemingly crazed derelict, who reveals himself to be his old acquaintance Peachy Carnahan. Peachy tells Kipling the story of how he and his cohort Danny Dravot traveled to remote Kafiristan, become gods, and ultimately lose everything. After meeting Kipling at his newspaper office a few years earlier and signing a contract pledging mutual loyalty, Carnahan and Dravot muster an army from the natives of a Kafiristan village. In their first battle, the natives decide that Daniel is a god after he is shot with an arrow in the chest but continues fighting. In fact, the arrow has struck a bandolier beneath his clothing and become lodged in it, but the natives don't know this. When they arrive in the holy city of Sikandergul, the natives confuse their Masonic medals for symbols of Alexander the Great and declare the men to be gods. Danny has delusions of grandeur, while Peachy wants to sneak out of the city with chests of gold and jewels. Danny decides to take a wife from amongst the natives, much against Peachy's advice; he chooses Roxanna (played by Michael Caine's real-life wife Shakira). Roxanna fears no woman can live if they consort with a god, and so tries to escape from Daniel, biting him in the process. The bite draws blood, and when the natives see it they realise Daniel is human after all, and pursue him and Peachy through the streets of his erstwhile kingdom. Danny is killed when forced to walk to the middle of a rope bridge over a deep canyon; the ropes supporting it are cut and he falls to his death. Peachy is tortured and released. At the end of the film, as Peachy finishes his story, he presents Kipling with Danny's decaying head, still wearing its Kafiri crown. 
5|13311|Shows the graphic reality of war. One of the best story lines ever. Awesome performance by Tom Hanks.
5|6435|This is such a great movie. Everytime i watch it i am still amazed. The acting is fantastic and the story is classic, it will never get boring to watch.
1|21132|Retarded, juvenile drivel that appeals to the culturally deprived and weakminded. Dated to the point that copies of this dreck should be installed in the Smithsonian. It's a wonder what crap captures the imagination of the mongoloid American movie-going public.
5|13477|oh my god i grew up with this movie 
5|22872|Excellent movie. You didn't even need to have seen the first one to enjoy it. AMAZING special effects. I enjoyed this more than Matrix 2-Reloaded!
1|11797|A lot of money was thrown away here.
5|14318|Someone will literally have to explain to me what is WRONG with this film. Nothing. Great acting, an intersenting ending, a message with a philosophy behind it, and Brad Pitt. It is one of the best I've seen this year. 
5|18522|The first movie in a long time that was genuinely scary, but also made fun of the genre it is in. Loved the surprises and the humor.
5|818|i really enjoyed this movie !!!!!
5|5882|I put this movie in my personal list of the top three of all time....script, camera work, acting, direction, location and outstanding acting. The film has it all. I am amazed at how it has held up after forty or so years. 
5|7065|The first movie I have a memory of seeing in a theater, which might well explain a lot. It never really got the cult status of other movies, but it is a fond memory of mine and still a funny movie today.
1|11967|Will Ferrell is one of the worst actors to ever come out of SNL, and this movie proves this once again. The script of this movie proves to be very lame, and I did not find one scene remotely funny.
1|4943|This film is about as hilarious as Police Academy 5...yes it's that bad. Two horrible performers wasted in a horrible film.
5|9048|The story of a rich frat boy who needs to help save the family auto parts business from being bought after his father dies. It's Chris Farley and David Spade at their best. (if you find lame slapstick humor funny) And for anyone who's ever worked in sales it's especially funny.
5|12999|Great movie. Different from most.
5|17639|IN THE WORDS OF THE GREAT CHAIRMAN YI-YI, THAT'S ME, THE MOVIE YI-YI IS A GREAT THREE HOUR RIDE INTO FAMILY LIFE. ONE OF THE GREATEST FILMS OF 2000.
5|19614|My favorite movie of all times!! I loved the cast of this movie. Jennifer Love Hewitt's tremendous performance propelled her to stardom. This movie was very scary and hip.
5|16527|One of the best movies of the summer! Great cast with equally great plot. Just incredible.
5|19172|I LOVE this movie, I do, this has to be the most entertaining movie I have ever seen, never have I laughed so hard or had such a great time watching a movie. I would go into detail about all the things I absolutely love about this movie, but if you're reading this and you havent seen it I dont want to ruin it for you. I would never miss the oppertunity to watch this movie and I highly recomend it.
5|16241|A sleeper with a unique view of history through a violin and with a mystery solved with a twist 
5|15990|My favorite movie.
1|20204|There are vacation home movies out there that are scarier than this film. Roses are red, violets are blue. Skunk cabbage stinks, and so do you.
5|8430|This movie is great the first time you see it. It's not nearly as good after that but I won't ever forget how much the whole theater was laughing when I saw it for the first time.
5|15748|This one almost slipped through the cracks for me. What a wonderful movie. This is the type of movie that I could watch with my parents and my kids, I was so pleased to find this one. Amazing. I love everyone, but Michael Caine, I believe this is one of your best characters, and that is saying alot!
5|1366|One of my most favorite all time movies because of it's ability to explore the minds of all the characters. This movie gives you a sense of passion for criminals that become vitimized and the one officer who gains everyone's trust, and then turns around and shoves it up their ass.
5|15984|My absolute favourite book and movie ever, hands down. I loved the cast: Lowe, Macchio, Estevez...who could ask for more? The book was more explanitary, but you can't visualize Rob Lowe in a towel while reading the book!
5|6409|This silent classic,rated among the all-time top 10 by Village Voice ,Spanish and French critics, was inexcusably omitted from the A.F.I'S Top 100.By turns lyrical,dramatic,exuberant,romantic and enchanting,its gloriously photographed tale,of a man in a Germanic-style village tempted against his kind wife by a glamorous vamp from the city,mixes the director's European artistic sensibility with American narrative flair- for 90 minutes of cinephile heaven.
1|3786|I somewhat enjoyed the first one, but this one was a total waste and an obvious attempt to capitalize on the surprising success of the first film. I never thought I'd say this, but it probably would've been more tolerable with Vin Diesel in it.
5|19166|It deffinatly met my expectations
5|18278|I was very suprised at how well this movie did scare me. Even to this day, it is creepy scary. I loved it and try to watch it every Halloween. GOOD !
5|10142|LUVED IT YEAH BABY !! To see Kirsten D in a YUMMY CL uniform WOW !! That my feinds is film making !! The only dumb point was to make it a race issue with 'those black chix' who were always in a sour combative mood, Who cares who steals dance moves??? I went to see Kirsten D jump around and WOW did she deliver !! The other girl was a MAJOR CUPCAKE also mmmmMMMMM but her dufus brother playing air gee-tar was lame. -----Todd Michael Wiseman Ohio Univ College of Film Cinematography 
5|5666|Terrific flick, a MUST see.
5|4578|Very good Disney Movie. Dumbo ends up with huge ears. is treated like an outcast and even humiliated. He makes a friend in Timothy the mouse and is told he can fly if he holds a feather in his trunk. He learns at the end he could really fly on his own. This movie can be a tear jerker. Dumbo is taken from his mother and there is a scene where he is outside his mothers cage and she rocks him to sleep. It is about friendship,and pulling for each other.The cruelty that comes for being different I love at the end that Dumbo is the star and loved by all.A very sweet movie.
1|24710|I found Hollow Man to be a very boring movie. I went in to the theater thinking it would be scary and left very disappointed. The only good thing about it were the special effects.
5|3217|I recently rented the movie 'Proof of Life' just to see Russell Crowe in another movie to confirm that he is one of the best actors I have seen in a long time.
5|22696|exiting, cool graphix
5|7071|Very funny movie. I saw this as a teenager. I must admit I went reluctantly because a friend wanted to see the movie and I wanted to be polite. I was so glad I saw this. All the actors are great in their roles. Gene Wilder, Marty Feldman, Peter Boyle, Terri Garr and Cloris Leachman all great.! Nd so is Madeleline Kahn. One of my favorite scenes is after young Frankenstein created a new Frankenstein he escapes and ends up at a blind man's house {well played by Gene Hackman}.Alot of other funny scenes too. For a good laugh i would reccomend this movie.
5|8342|Hilarious.
5|23588|excellent movie. don't miss it. 
5|6384|Baby, you'll have the tallest, darkest leading man in Hollywood! -- Meriam C. Cooper to Fay Wray....The new Peter Jackson remake will no doubt be expensive and impressive and spectacular, and all that stuff-- but it won't be half as good or as scary. Some films-- like Kong and Casablanca-- simply should not be remade, since there is a kind of perfection about the originals.
1|21683|It just did not compare to my standard for great science fiction movies. It had a lot of forced dialog, which is always annoying, and it had lost the excitement and heroism of the first movie. It felt as if Lucas cared more about presenting his Hindu idealogy than about creating a great movie. I like science fictions that have more intellectual value, not ridiculous child play to the tune of eastern religeons.
1|11740|thumbs down
5|12966|A beautiful movie. I like it more each time that I see it. One of those rare movies that is able to leave the viewer with a powerful message without coming off as preachy. To me, the message was that a person with good intentions can have a positive, important impact on whatever environment in which he finds himself - no matter how hopeless or unfair that environment is. Andy Dufresne touched everyone who he came in contact with, and many with whom he did not. And in the end, he was made the life for himself which he wanted. A powerful film.
1|11998|The word that comes to mind when describing this film is MISCASTED. Christina Ricci seems absolutely disassociated from her character. Often there is no passion behind her speech, even when her role is that of a severely disturbed person. She is obviously supposed to have bulimia, but the mood swings and the intensity that come with them are no where to be found. Autism would suit her portrayal of Amanda better then Bulimia. In a word- wooden. Jason Biggs, who plays Jerry, is about as authentic and comfortable in his role as the actors in the late-night paid programming ads. He simply cannot play the part of a intellectual, troubled, writer. He acts the same as he did in American Pie- an eager, befuddled, socially inapt young adult trying to become comfortable with the world before he is even comfortable with himself, but then it was the source of comedy and in Anything Else it merely detracted. Not one of his scenes or bits of dialogue seemed authentic or believable. Both Biggs and Ricci may be able to, in part, pass the buck to Woddy Allen's screen writing. The pretentious verbiage seemed like suitable dialogue for Dawson's Creek: College Years. It was a cheap tool of bad writing: instead of developing the characters into intellectuals just have them use big words and small little ones. Additionally the film waxed philosophical obnoxiously. It wasn't subtle at all, but as overt as guy nudging you going Do ya get it? Do ya get it? Existentialism! If only this film had contained any interesting existential themes worth noting it may have been more bearable. Instead Existentialism was reduced to name dropping. Jason Biggs pondering on the fact that as humans we have to confront our own mortality with a sprinkle of Sarte and a dash of Camus is neither insightful or effective. Nor was Amanda's eating disorder very well done. From the beginning it is obvious that she has an eating disorder, but that is really all that can be said about it. None of the characters acknowledge it, nor does it really serve any purpose in furthering the narrative or making the characters and drama more complex and compelling. The only reasonable conclusion seems to be that the audience are the only people that know she has it which, if it's trying to, doesn't build to anything. There are many such loose ends in this movie. While the majority of the movie was terrible and the irony crap, I must say that there were some good things. Danny DeVito, playing Jerry's manager, was the best actor in it and he did a good job; he was funny, entertaining- he was Danny Devito. There were also some great gems of dialogue, mostly spoken by DuBelle (Allen). Just some useless trivia (not a spoiler)- at the end when Biggs says I guess Dubelle's seminal joke was that: Even a stopped clock is right twice a day. That stopped clock bit is actually from Whitnail and I, unless it was first written somewhere before that movie (1987). The juxtaposition of that with Dubelle's lines right before is cerebrally comical. 
5|4593|Surprisingly funny!! I watched it on tv, and had a very good time watching it. A splendid movie.
1|23094|Because it was produced, boxed and shown in movie theaters, this film gets a 1 rating. George Lucas is not only a racist but he has no creative taste or ability. Jar-Jar Binks performs the slave role quite well. All the scenes he is in can be used as a form of cruel and unusual punishment. Obi-Wan, played by McGregor, looks hungover in all of his scenes, while Liam Neeson decided that Lucas did not pay him enough to show emotion. The best actor was the 9 year old who, half way through the film, he also joins his fellow actors in emotionless acting. Stay away from this film.
5|21374|Great film.
5|617|If you know ANYTHING about movies than this is a cherished item. Excellent action, dialogue and the perfect amount of twists and turns. Just go out and buy this movie for God's sake.
5|18293|I own the boxset, the definitive one with 8 disks. I have loved the films as a child, and I do to this day, the original is the stand-out, but three and New Nightmare come in close second, and the rest have a place in my heart as well. I also LOVE Robert Englund (Freddy).
5|171|Scotish, I guess its cool to be scotish nowa days. Drop your kilt and play with fire. Kill Kill!
5|21412|Alright, I'll admit it. I'm a Star Wars geek, although granted I don't have a room in my house dedicated to it and I didn't sleep on the sidewalk to get tickets to the latest three travesties. That being said, I do love Star Wars. Despite mediocre acting and special effects that are now considered laughable, I find myself still enjoying it. Its uncomparable to other sci-fi flicks because it started the genre and is still the hallmark of the genre. Its fun, entertaining and has made George Lucas a ridiculously wealthy man.
5|10817|This movie was hilarious! I love Jay and Silent Bob! There was a great cast of characters and cameos and Will Ferrell was great in it. One of my favourite movies.
5|9909|Best movie on earth. Appropriate for all ages. Very funny. Gets guys girls. Whazzup?
1|16991|how did halle berry win a freagin oscar this movie is crap thwe oscar was rigged they just wanted a uhhh...ya know win
1|3779|yep, I concur - this was that bad. Is Stallone bankrupt yet? Someone please take him to the action hero retirement home, and tell the staff they can't make eye contact with him...
5|1399|True Lies was a good movie and it had nice killing all through the movie. Killing is good in movies. It makes it more real.
5|7930|Great - I even love the title - Groundhog Day - February 2nd - is my birthday. Love the PA scenes with the little groundhog. Very good acting and an interesting storyline.
5|20718|One of my favorite musicals of all time, and the film version was excellent. Audrey Hepburn did a wonderful job as Eliza Doolittle, and Rex Harrison WAS Henry Higgins, through and through.
5|165|I enjoyed this flick, but I realize that it was not exactly historical. I enjoy it for the spirit of nationalism that it helped contribute to the Scots. King Edward was a fright and I think he is portrayed quite accurately. The defenestration scene of his son's advisor is priceless. 
5|19199|awwwww the gremlin is so cute awwwwww AWWWWW I JUST WANT TO HUG U AND SQUEEZE U I LOVE U GREMLIN I LOVE U U LOVE ME WHERE A HAPPY FAMILY WITH A GREAT BIG HUG AND A KISS FROM ME TO U WONT U SAY ULL HUG ME TOO AWWWWW KISS KISSS
5|2848|One of the best Bond films ever. Pierce Brosnan is everything a bond should be and Halle Berry is everything a bond-girl should be. The story has some nice little twists and John Cleese is wonderful as Q's replacement R. The whole subway scene has a real Third Man feel to it. Toby stephens is a mediocre villain, but Rosamund Pike is wonderful as his accomplice. Best Scene: The Car Fight 
5|5841|The American Film Institute calls CITIZEN KANE the greatest American movie of all time. Would you? I would most definately! What amazes me is how a man like Orson Welles, a twenty five year old, inexperienced man could walk into a studio like RKO and take complete control over the entire production of the film! RKO sure made the right decision because CITIZEN KANE is a masterpiece! It's WELLES masterpiece! Had he not gotten his way, this would not be the great film it is. Truly amazing!
1|7279|That whole scene with the feces floating in the pool really grossed me out! And why the hell would a guy eat it? Sorry, but when I was done with this scene, I almost threw up. Even if it was supposedly just a baby ruth . 
5|603|I've never seen another movie quite like this one. It keeps you guessing the whole time and just when you think you've got it figured out everything changes. By far the best ending ever.
1|15532|After the first hour and 1/2, I was rooting for the iceberg.
5|5699|It took me literally years to sit down and actually watch the whole thing, and even then it took two nights, but I'm glad I finally did. I always felt that this was a bit of a chick flick , but it's well worth watching for everyone. It's one of the few epic movies that actually contains a solid story throughout, while still maintaining the viewer's interest. The acting was excellent throughout as well, but I guess I'm one of the few who think that Clark Gable's famous line at the end frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn was delivered with a lack of enthusiasm on his part.
5|6390|When I was an (immature!) teenager the three things which particularly attracted me to this film were : 1) How gorgeous Fay Wray looked in the palm of the ape! 2) How hilarious was the huge close-up of King Kong's face and 3) a morbid fascination with the fate of the unfortunate villagers when Kong broke into their settlement. With the benefit of a few more years of experience I find my feelings have remained - er - exactly the same! A hugely enjoyable and strangely moving film. 
5|12972|What a great movie. I didn't see Shawshank Redemption in the theater, and nobody ever recommended it to me. So when I rented it one night I had low expectations, and it surprised me quite a bit when the movie easily jumped into my all-time top 10 list. The story and the acting are both excellent. But I think the thing that pushes this movie to the next level is the way it inspires you without being sappy, without resorting to the typical ham-handed techniques movies use to play on your emotions. Shawshank isn't fancy - it just tells a powerful story in a way that makes you really care about the characters. And laced into that is this great message about freedom and the power of hope. See - it's hard to even write power of hope without cringing, so imagine how tough it must be to make a great movie about it without crossing the line into sap. Well, regardless of how it accomplishes that feat, this movie is a must-see.
1|18016|Have rented a DVD and watched it a while ago. The movies is way too outdated, those scenes look rather gross than scary. And Carri was clueless about periods at her age, when she was already graduating from high school. OH DEAR. 
5|17822|This movie IS a masterpiece (same with the book) It was not a scary movie but it was so deep and powerful.The ending wasn't the best and ther movie wasn't true to the novel which was a very,very good book but the movie is far from bad. It was very interesting and the 2 girls that were killed and was haunting Danny was really freaky.A great movie,despite a few flaws. It deserves a 4.5 but since I can't,it deserves a 5 than a 4.
5|5869|Fantastic movie, Fantastic scenery, Fantastic music..... 5 all the way!!!!
5|20056|This movie is awesome! It scares me as hell.
5|10195|This was a great movie. Gene Wilders more serious movies, and contains great actimg, and humor. This is one of the better Gene Wilder movies.
5|22899|In a way its cornball now. But I loved it, and think its a great classic.
1|2329|Got to be one of the all time terrible movies ever made......
5|22641|It was the best thing I've ever seen, but they should have more focus on Jean Grey in the next one.
5|8395|I love and collect spoof movies and along with the two Airplane flicks,the Naked Gun series are my favorites. Just ridiculously hillarious. These are spawned from the Police squad tv shows,also starring Leslie Nielsen. (1982)They are out on video but hard to get. Try ebay if you want those gems.
5|22127|This movie has it all; great plot background, great plot movement, great effects, and great acting. Plus, the dvd has great added features.
1|5320|Dorothy is boring. This movie really ruined the excellent children's books by L. Frank Baum. The direction was sloppy and the message was preachy. Housewives, bring 2 martinis and a tub of olives to make this bastardization of children's literature go down better.
5|7918|jesus will not return until this movie is number one on this list.
1|18980|Godawful sequel.
5|15953|I give this movie five stars because I believe that it's difficult to adapt a movie from a real story. It can sometimes lack the feeling that the original situation had. I think that this movie was well done. I know that a lot of work was put into it. They even went so far as to find hockey players to act in this movie who as closely as possible resembled the original team. During the on-ice scenes, cameramen were right with the players, shooting the scenes. The original plays of the original games were even completely re-enacted and I think that deserves some credit. 
1|19446|at first it was creepy and kinda scary. Then it made a turn for the worse all of a sudden, and didn't get much better from that point on. The ending was just horrible. One of the worst endings I have seen in horror movies in a long time. I am kinda scared to watch the sequel, hope it doesn't suck as bad as this one. Bleah.
1|23916|this was a piece of f**** c*** it was a sh** movie
5|20730|MGM's 1951 version is my favorite musical of all time. Ava Gardner is great as the beautiful, drunken Julie. And Howard Keel and Kathryn Grayson are in perfect voice as Gay and Magnolia. Add to that Joe E Brown as Cap'n Andy, and William Warfield singing Ol' Man River, and this Show Boat is moving along the mighty Mississip with a stern-full of wonderful melodies!
5|2860|James bond is the BOMB!!!!!
1|1152|Hunt for Red ExitSign was so bad. I hunted for the red exit sign, found it, and left. I cant believe anyone falls for this dumb over acted crap.
5|159|I love a great head trip!
5|20724|My Fair Lady is a wonderful musical! It is just filled with wit and charm. Audrey Hepburn was great for the role of Eliza Doolittle even though her voice was dubbed. Rex Harrison is awesome as Professor Higgins too! You can't really tell that Audrey's voice is dubbed anyway. The ending is a little annoying because it seems that Eliza is being weak to return to Higgins. I think that she loves him though and just wants things to be resolved between him and her. There is nothing wrong with that. I always end up feeling that they will get together after they discuss things a little more though. After all My Fair lady is different from Pygmalion:)
1|13619|I never thought that a movie version of this wretched book could actually be worse. In a major cinematic achievement, its not only worse, it is spectacularly, unbelievably worse.
5|16296|Excuse me CanadaSucks, but this isn't a comedy. THIS IS TRUE!!! I saw it and I loved it, I almost cried. UPDATE: How about you quit making fun of me Ralphthewonderllama
5|22133|This is one of the best movies ever. Just the whole idea of living in the Matrix boggles the mind. The action and fighting scenes were great and the special effects made it even better. I can't wait for the sequel.
1|19452|I spent most of the time trying to figure out what that piece of crap was and then I got bored and walked out.
5|13488|I liked this movie a lot because it portrayed four friends who stuck together even under the worst of circumstances. It was very touching and made me cry.
5|22655|Finally they made an X-Men movie. It has great actors and a great story. I like how Rogue dyed her hair. This movie rocks.
5|8381|a cl;assic hilliarous
5|10181|I don't ordinarily think of this as a great movie, but it is one that -- when you click by and see it on TV -- I always want to watch. The script is really memorable, the storyline is oddly sweet, and the characters are pulled off convincingly.
1|1634|I did not get this on at all you've folks jumping around like they are in the Matrix and no one seems to know why. A couple of nice fight scenes but on a whole way over rated.
5|2445|Gloria Hendry is an exceptional talent. Jane Seymour should lay off the Max Factor.
5|17361|Good film that illustrates morality and faith. Should be seen by any Christian who likes foreign cinema.
5|3983|A very sweet movie for all ages, Warning, the song Feed the Birds is so beautiful I used to cry whenever it was on!
1|15081|Dumbest movie I have ever seen!
5|4034|Pixar did it again! Another really good, funny film. The visuals were amazing, and Ellen Degeneres as Dory was hilarious. The expressions on the characters were incredible so that you're actually feeling all that they're feeling: sad, scared, happy, whatever. All the voices worked well with the animation. You don't have to be a kid to like this movie! I loved it. You have to see it in the theatre though to get the full effect with the surround sound.
5|6623|'Giant'. The name speaks for itself. Edna Ferber wrote the novel, and George Stevens directed this movie. Perhaps the only thing wrong with this movie is its immense length. Otherwise, the movie is a landmark. It is especially poignant because it is James Dean's last movie. Anyone who has seen it can never erase from memory the final James Dean sequence where his character, Jett Rink, is drunk and alone in the ballroom making a speech. This piece of acting only lends to the myth of how much untapped potential Dean possessed. And let's not forget the memorable cast, including Rock Hudson and Elizabeth Taylor (who gives one of her great performances ever). When all is said and done, there can be no denying that this movie is definitely one for the ages.
5|13107|Excellent film! I've never really taken Spielberg's work seriously until I saw Schindler's List. Liam Neeson's Oskar Schindler is my favorite performance in ANY movie! Artsy in its manner and stylish in it's presentation, Schindler's List is one of the greatest films of all time.
1|10847|this movie was sooo stupid! i dont like martin shean. this movie was nasty.
5|13661|This is probably the most moving aspiring and most touching, riveting, movie I have ever seen! It's the life of a poor young black woman (Whoopi Goldberg) who's sold off into a marridge where her own kids and husband hate her, but soon this woman makes her own living and makes her own revenge and prosperity. I reccomend this movie to everyone. 
5|8168|This was the funnest movies of all time! I loved it, and Jim Carrey did a fantastic job. It shows how talented he is!!!
5|15210|All time classic drama. Superb acting by Al Pacino. Unique choice of characters and storyline.
5|4752|I used to watch it over and over again when I was a kid. It's one of my favorites.
5|3029|This movie was great. Very suspenseful and action packed. It was well acted and casted. A must see.
5|11062|I love this movie. Its funny, helps me cheer up on bad days. David Chapelle rocks. It didnt take itself too seriously and is easy to enjoy.
5|2337|Good movie. Great special effects. Just don't take it too seriously and you'll enjoy it alot !!!
5|17413|If you like food and you like simple stories without cheap tricks then this would be film to watch. A culinary delight.
1|10853|This series should have ended before it even began!
5|15204|Since I'm towards the other end of the generation scale, I origionally only saw this movie to see what Chris O'Donnell did before Batman and Circle Of Friends. As usual I was impressed by his peformance but I was pleasently suprised by Al Pacino who is way before my time. I loved this movie and it has taught me to appreciate the effort of older actors rather than all the teen flicks I'm used too.
5|15562|Based on a true story that did indeed happen in the past. Best picture of that year. Suspense, action and drama.
5|7529|Blues Brothers is a CLASSIC and will always be considered an amazing movie.
5|13113|For a documentary drama sort of way this movie was VERY interesting. There were no dry parts at all because I became engaged with all of the Jewish people and their emotions. A great educational movie to help you understand what a culture had to go through in order to survive.
5|1158|This is an absolutely brilliant film adaptation of an absolutely brilliant novel. In my opinion this is the best action movie ever made.
5|17375|The perennial runner-up to Citizen Kane (and occasional #1) in major international polls,and greatest masterpiece of Jean Renoir,surpassing the work of his father the painter.An aviator hero in love with a countess is invited to her lavish weekend party at a country chateau- cue for a wonderful blend of comedy,drama and tragedy.Initially banned when released on the eve of World War 2(for its unpopular but insightful observations on French society),it overflows with the director's trademark humanity,wisdom,intelligent dialogue and cinematic expertise.The camerawork and coordination of movement are quietly astounding.Renoir was undoubtedly one of the handful of finest international directors,revered by peers and critics alike.His La Grande Illusion is an established anti-war classic, Boudu Saved from Drowning an exceptionally witty and lyrical social study,but my favourite is his miniature gem, Partie de Campagne / A Day in the Country .
5|3997|I love the seagulls. Mine, mine, mine!!! LOL
5|4020|I love this movie so much!! The characters are super!! it's Pixar's best second best: Toy story! flowing with creativity and great animation and the great characters this is sure to not have ANY Rotten Tomatoes thrown at it,pixar's greatest!! 
5|19358|Scream 2 was much better than the first film, as the first film got pretty predictable after the first half of the movie. However, this one was quite a shocker as I had no idea that either Mickey or Debbie Salt would be the killer. I suspected that Salt was maybe not who she said she was, but I never suspected that she would be Billy Loomis's mother. Overall, a good followup to the origional. A film very, very well done!
1|3590|The worst movie I have ever seen! I usually like WW2 movies but this movie was missing everything!
1|20006|Absolute nonsense. A substandard ripoff of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
5|7501|this movie is so amesomely funny. i am on a mission from god to give this movie a 5
5|1170|One of Stallones best films behind the Rocky films
5|14654|man, i luved the movie. i have watched it about 20 times. i'm a dancer for 13 years. i've never felt like dance this way until i saw the movie. its an inspiration
5|5316|A classic and trippy film. Whether watched along with Dark Side of the Moon or not, this movie rules every time. The flying monkees scene will always send chills down your spine, no matter how many times you have seen it.
5|10432|Mel Gibson was funny! Who knew? Great message about what men are missing.
5|4008|Although not the computer-generated perfection that was Toy Story 2, Finding Nemo is just plain great. The character of Dory gets a laugh from every line of her dialogue. And, then, there is the hilarious scenes in the dentist office and the seagulls. I have to ask though: If this is a Pixar film, where are the outtakes?
5|16043|I really loved this movie. I know because it appeals to the weepy-girl type inside me. Also because it was one of the few movies that could show really the true nature of love. Just how much it really hurts sometimes and how things don't always go the way you'd want or expect them to. It had a happy smiley-ending, though, and I liked that. Sanaa Lanthan and Omar Epps gave wonderful performances, as did the actors who played their respective parents. ( I think to this day that Alfre Woodard is one of the most beautiful women in the world.) This movie is defiently a keeper
1|24260|Angelina Jolie STILL sucks.
5|21189|Welcome to Woodstock with more action and better music. This is the build up to the classic Stones show at Altamont. Hell's Angels provided security for the concert. They also stabbed a man(who, in fairness to the Angels, was brandishing a gun) to death and beat the hell out of many others, including Marty from Jefferson Airplane. This one is at times quite surreal. Gimme Shelter is the Apocalypse Now of rockumentarys. A Must see for any Rolling Stones fan. It was filmed at the height of their musical prime.
5|3001|I loved this movie. Brad Pitt and Robert Redford are excellent in it. It is most definitely worth going to see at the movies and I am going to buy it the day it hits the shelves.
5|5470|One of my favorite Hitchcock movies (and I've seen almost all of them). Cary Grant and Eva Marie Saint have amazing chemistry and the suspense is equally magical.
5|20297|This movie was extra raw. Chucky was a fool and he had a wife too. I like how they got themselves in and out of situations. My favorite part was when the wife had the baby, so I know that there will be a sequel.
5|1616|Absolutely thrilling. A real chiller, dark, moody and disturbing film. Great acting, direction is first rate, using the subtle script to its best right upto the terrific denouement. 
5|13885|this is one of those movies I did not want to see but was glad I did. A young man named Rocky who is a boxer. Is chosen to play against Apollo Creed a professional boxer. I loved the fact that this was a movie about the underdog. Sylvester Stallone was very good as Rocky and he wisely showed the human side of Rocky.With his dertimination to work out to be a good boxer. Hs crush on a woman and his dating her.I found myelf realing caring about this character and rooting for him.a very well done movie.
5|22480|The Greatest Sci-Fi movie ever made. A classic Shakespearian story to a futurisic theme. It is the 23rd century. Khan Noonian Sihn, a geneticly engineered dictator from 1996 seeks revenge against a starfleet Captain and a Universe that betrayed him 15 years ago. With a weapon of unbelievable power, the Genesis device, the crew of a starship, and a hiding science team at stake, including Kirk's alienated son, Kirk must overcome all odds, and defeat an arch nemesis he thought he had left behind. Riccardo Montalban was great, no one else could have played the part. Leonard Nimoy was also great, when Spock died, it touched every Star Trek fan. Everyone must see this great movie.
5|1602|Great film, not for the easily disturbed. Best not watched after eating food.
5|7273|A very funny movie, the dancing gopher rocks! Caddyshack 2 however sucks.
5|13891|Great story of triumph and success. Even more amazing that Stallone wrote the screenplay. The best boxing movie I have ever seen.
5|22494|Hollywood Sci-Fi is usually spaceships, laser guns a hero, a love interest and some kind of chase scene or two. Blade Runner is sci-fi in its truest form and that is down to a few factors, firstly it was adapted from a book Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? by Philip K Dick, a man who knew nothing other than his paranoid vision of the future and regardless of his troubled personal life, he wrote great sci-fi. Secondly Ridley Scott, a genius, a man who can not only see in his mind how a scene will work but a man who has proved that his visual skills are what it takes to make a great movie time and time again (Gladiator, Alien, Thelma Louise) - then there are other people like Hampton Fancher, Syd Mead, Harrison Ford, Rutger Hauer, Sean Young etc. etc. add to that lot a hauntingly beautiful musical score by Vangelis and you've got the basis for a great movie. Then on top of this you have carefully selected elements like props, lighting, photography, violence, romance, vehicles, silence and noise that forms the interactive ambience that very few films can boast. I have lost count of how many times I have seen this film and everytime it drags me in, fixates me with its morals, questioning humanity and general insecurity which perhaps is its winning ingredient, deep down we all ask ourselves What is real? 
5|15238|They sprinkled just enough arsenic into the syrup to make this a balanced meal.
5|5464|Though Vertigo has more depth and mystery,this is for me not only the definitive Hitchcock thriller but the most purely enjoyable and exciting adventure on film!
5|398|One of the best movies I have ever seen. Nonstop action and a storyline that draws you in.
5|5302|The perfect movie. Try to see it in a theatre and see the reactions of the other people. I've done this a few times. People unconsciously singing along and recitng dialogue, children staring in amazement. And this film is over 60 years old! The current so-called family movies (especially the Disney tripe) with all their computer effects, stereo and what have you can't hold a candle to the Wizard. Once a year? I could watch it every day!
5|21823|best movie ever?
1|24274|Huh? What in the whole of hell was this movie about? What are ANY of the MATRIX movies about?
5|19364|This movie sucks so badly that I can't explain it. Neve kills yet another role. But Randy's character saved a little bit of the movie. He's so great I give him a five. The rest of the movie was pitiful though.
1|2842|if i ever wanted to see such crap again id head straight to a toilet
5|12231|best movie ever. 
5|7515|Good fun, good music, and all the car crashes you could want. Avoid the sequel like you would an HIV positive hooker.
5|1164|This is the best stallone movie! one of the best action movies ever, amazing story also, you better go rent this one at blockbuster before its gone.
5|14640|This is a real feel good movie that makes you want to stand up and dance around it has good music and acting it makes you wish you could do what they do. I think that ballet is elegant. I like how this movie was made.
5|23007|Good movie i like the rain seen.
5|22319|This movie brought up a few good points about fooling around with DNA reconstruction. It shows that things cannot always be predicted. Aside from this, it also shows very cool and realistic SFX.
5|14873|What a great movie! I thought Sissy Spacek and Hugh Wilkinson should have gotten Best Actress and Best Actor Oscars respectively, but of course the people I like never win. Hugh Wilkinson does a particlularly understated and masterful job as Sissy Spacek's husband, and film buffs might be interested to know that this amazing actor actually hails from Yorkshire, England and was in the hugely funny Full Monty. He's anything but funny in this heart-wrenching drama about a family that is devastated by the son's affair with an older woman and the catastrophic results. Sissy Spacek deserves kudos as the normally strong mother who simply cannot deal with the death of her son. This movie makes some sharp comments about America's justice system, too. Their son's murderer gets off lightly and Sissy Spacek has to endure the agony of running into him at the local grocery store. The murderer can only manage a feeble hi. Sissy Spacek's and Hugh Wilkinson's solution to this dilemma is shocking and unconventional, but one can certainly understand it. However, this movie will definitely not leave you smiling from ear to ear. Rent it if you're depressed and in the mood for a good cry.
5|18091|I loved this movie. It wasn't so much scary. It was suspenseful and funny. I loved Annie. Lockadoodie paper. That's my favorite line. Annie was a lunatic.
5|373|The movie was definitely a great movie. I'm the type of person that wouldn't like films like these, but it taught you a lot about honor and being true. It's good to have medieval time period movies from time to time.
5|3940|the best of disney. i have watched many times. first to take my own children. now my granddaughter loves belle. must see. it was a very entertaining movie.
1|23296|Not fit to hold Wrath of Khan's jockstrap. The only reason this movie (or any of the later movies, especially the old Trek/TNG crossovers) succeed is that there is a nation of pasty, maladjusted Trekkies out there sustaining that industry from the comfort of their parents' basements. I like Trek too, especially because it is such a deeply detailed subject, but these movies are just pander.
5|7298|Classic performances by Chevy Chase, Bill Murray, and Rodney Dangerfield. You owe it to yourself to see this movie. It is so funny.
5|1831|Still the actor and the movie to compare all martial arts actors and movies to.
1|11542|Let me start off my review by posing a simple question: WHY IN THE HELL HAS THIS MOVIE BEEN CONSIDERED A COMEDY CLASSIC FOR 25 FREAKIN' YEARS?! All the so-called humor in this movie consists of sex and d**k jokes, none of which rise above the kind of thing I heard in high school. Don't get me wrong, I'm not a prude, and I can very much enjoy raunchy sexual humor when it's done well, but I couldn't belive how wholly unfunny "Porky's" was. It was entertaining in a way- I wasn't bored by it- but aside from one or two moments that made me chuckle, there just wasn't anything funny about it. Why this has become a cult favorite and is regarded as a classic 80s comedy, I'll never know. If you want to see a genuinely funny movie from this era, try "National Lampoon's Vacation" and skip this crap.
5|6186|i loved this movie sooooo much. it is one of my favorite movies. my and my friends are obsessed with this movie.
5|1825|Obviously A Real Clint Fan would not bang this Movie or knows how to play a good hand of Faro ? or the Kid has NO IDEA of AMERICAN HISTORY with the rivalry with the Earps and the Clantons...Hummmm !! This is all real Stuff and the Director has done an INCREDIBLE JOB to recreate these events .ALL STAR CAST INCLUDING .. Kurt Douglas , Jason Priestly , Powers Boothe , Charleston Heston , Val Kilmore , Dana Delaney , Michael Beiyn and Michael Zaine !! WAY TOO MANY TOO LIST BUT WE KNOW WHO YOU ALL ARE AND THIS WAS THE BEST MOVIE THAT IS OUT THERE and WORTH EVERY CENT. THE VERY BEST ACTING I HAVE SEEN IN A LONG TIME ! I Feel like I'm right in there while the whole movie is coming down . Colors and Camera movement is Incredible and the actors worked extremely hard to make this movie come alive . Moustaches and Beards on all OUR favourite actors are real and is Directed by the BEST Director out there ...Mr.George Cosmatos ! ITS ALL GOOD AND IF ANYONE DOES NOT LIKE THIS MOVIE , THEY MUST BE FROM ANOTHER PLANET !! INCREDIBLE CAST AND CREW , I LOVE THE WHOLE THING from start to finish ! Cheers PS..If You Have'nt seen TOMBSTONE , Perhaps we won't be friends ! (c; hahahaha 
5|6192|Breakfast at Tiffany's- a timeless classic, the goddess Audrey at her finest.
5|401|Great action and story. Similar to Braveheart .
5|21162|Yellow Submarine is awesome. The way they mix cartoons and psychadelic things together. Great songs, witty humor - it is just overall great. A classic.
5|21604|This movie was marvelous. I have always been a fan of Tolkien and fantasy as a genre. When they announced that someone was making The Fellowship of the Ring into a movie I was half over-joyed and half wary of what they may do to the story. But after seeing the movie I'm extremely impressed and cannot wait until the next installment comes out this December. The acting was wonderful, the characters were exactly as they should be and the sets and special effects...they were just amazing. This movie is a beautiful movie in so many ways. Go see it, that's all I can say...just go see it.
5|18085|Bravo, Kathy Bates
5|3954|this is absolutely possitively one of the greatest walt disney cartoon movies around. i was little when i first saw it but am still rather fond of it now 
5|8801|If you see one movie this year, this should be it! For dog lovers, and eveyone else, this movie is hilariouc, and strangely touching. There is someone for everyone to relate to in this movie.
1|11230|Jennifer Garner SUCKS.
1|12711|Everyone who rated this movie as great must really be truly blind. Shroomwoman is exactly correct. In the movie, Mr. Moore expresses how he cares for the victims of Columbine. About how scary the whole incident was. Mr. Moore made millions of dollars from this documentary. And how much do you think went to the poor victims of this terrible tragedy? $0. Suprised? Shouldn't be. Especially when he balmes all wealthy and rich people in America for the poor people's problems. Yet, he was the man who made millions and didn't give a single dime of it to anyone but himself. God, I hate hypocrisy. Anyway, this film, if you can really call it that, is nothing but Moore's own opinion mixed together with political views. And lies, of course. Mr. Moore visits a weapons of mass destruction facility as it is described in the film. In reality, it was not making any weapons, but satellites. He compares US gun violence to the gun violence in Australia, as well as other countries. About how Australia only has a few hundred vioent crimes while the US has thousands. Yet, then, you ask yourself, what is the population of Australia vs. teh US? LOL! Its little pieces and bits if information and facts that are left out of the movie. Just like the timeline of the US, that blames America for 9-11. That's right. Watch the movie and feel the disgrace in your stomach. I did. Mr. Moore is just a filthy liar, who is trying to brainwash you into believing his lies. Don't fall for him. Everyone who supports this film is an idiot and a tool.
5|24032|Tremendous.
5|9289|This was considered a cult classic comedy. The stars were Ruth Gordon and Bud Cort. They both had a preoccupation with death and loved going to funerals, which is where they met. There were some hysterical scenes in the movie, like Maude driving a pick-up truck and trying to rescue a tree that was dying, while police were chasing her. You have to have the right sense of humor to enjoy this, but many of us have seen it over and over.
5|429|This movie was excellent. Great story line and great action. I would recommend this movie to everyone.
5|11089|Funniest Jim Carrey movie yet! He plays the Jekyll/Hyde role perfectly! The scene when he first morphs from Charlie to Hank is one of the most hilarious acts of physical comedy ever!
5|8183|oh my god theres something about marry My kids and I loved this movie we bought it too they watch it over and over again
5|13852|maybe the best sports movie ever, and shooting it in B/W added to the darkness and sinister power of the story.
5|22457|The most action packed Star Trek movie ever. They need more Star Trek movies with the ships doing battle.
5|24026|Wonderful film! Best use of special effects i've seen for its time...right up there w/Jurassic Park's! Sean Connery did a wonderful job as the voice of Draco, Jason Isaacs did a MAGNIFICENT job as the role of Lord Felton. Ok ok, i'm playing favorites I guess ;), but it deserves a 5 nonetheless!
1|5136|It was awful they put that brat Jane In there I love Wendy she is sweet but, I hate jane (yuck) then they replaced the cool crocodile with a stupid squid and the story was stupid but, I LOVE the original Peter Pan it's awesome in fact the original one is one of my favorite movies but this Cheapquel stinks!!! 
1|19888|Rip-off of The Rocky Horror Show is neither scary or funny. I would rather watch paint dry than this trash.
1|2881|Good God this movie is bad. Everything about it is so convoluted, the actions, characters, motives, emotions and the overall screenplay seemed oversimplified and really forced and unnatural. I don't know why Travolta keeps getting cast as the villain, he makes a good effort but honestly he's not that good at it. There are plenty of more convincing villains like keifer sutherland or gary sinise.
5|6810|This is one of the classic comedies of our time. It was so wierd and it didn't make any sense. I normally don't like movies like this but I just couldn't help laughing at how strage the story was!
5|22331|best most powerful superhero. best movie of the decade!
5|21638|As a kid I really enjoyed reading fantasy/sci-fi novels and playing games like Dungeons Dragons, so I'm predisposed to be a fan of a well-done Lord of the Rings movie. And this movie is extremely well-done. Some of the other comments here complain that the movie is not 100% true to the book, an accusation that is true but also unfair. There's no way to pack the entire book into a single movie and not make a few changes for the sake of story-telling. And, as other reviewers have already mentioned, Peter Jackson (the movie's director) somehow manages to make the necessary changes while staying true to the spirit of the book. This is the first movie in a long time that has really just blown me away with a near-perfect combination of story, acting, directing, and special effects. The film captures and conveys the horror, evil, and menace of the dark forces so well that I honestly found myself gritting my teeth during many of the scenes - the Ringwraiths attacking, the Orcs working in the underground forge, the dark journey through the mines... At the end of the 3-hour movie I found myself wishing there was more and wondering how I'm going to wait another year to see the second part of the trilogy.
5|13853|Wow! Directed by Martin Sorsese who has a long working relationship with Robert De Niro and mainly shot in black and white. Its basically the life story of Jake LaMotta's life in regards to boxing and his relationships. The fight scenes in this are magnificent and I don't know how people can rate Rocky as better than this. This film doesn't sensationalise Jake's life, it shows him hitting his young wife, lashing out at his brother, being jealous of other men looking at his wife and him putting on weight. The storyline is as intense as the fighting scenes. I'm not a fan of boxing, but I'll happily sit down and watch this movie. 
1|3220|I have never been so bored in all my life. All talent used in this movie was wasted. The plot was lacking, the idea itself was lacking, all the characters lacked. This movie never gets off the ground. It seems to sit on its keyster and through out sperattic action hostage flick cliches. But, they are clever when they do this. By boring you to tears a little explosion or a motorist getting blown to bits by machine gun fire is a welcome happening even though it adds nothing to the film. My advice STAY FAR FAR AWAY.
1|1437|Unpleasant, pointless trash from the most overrated film maker of our time. Tarantino is an uber-geek desperately trying to over-compensate for his extreme nerdiness. I suspect Comic book guy from The Simpsons would be a big fan.
5|3969|I enjoyed this movie very much but it did make me afraid of windy days and umbrellas for awhile.
5|20527|This was about burning oil refineries in Kuwait/Iraq, where there were hundreds of these oil fires. I saw it in a cold theater when I watched this, and it got hotter during the movie. The fires were right there in front of me. You could see the oxygen burst, the tendrils of the flames. You could see the heat burn off. I never knew that oil fires were different from ones here in this area. They had completely different machines, and now I knew what they were. The film also showed all the damage that had been done to the countryside. You felt hatred towards the people who caused these fires unecessarily.
1|10113|Kirsten Dunst SUCKS.
1|2880|Boy, is this an awful movie! I watched about 25 minutes of it and couldn't take any more. It was extremely violent, and the plot was difficult to follow. John Travolta was just terrible in his role, and I was appalled by Halle Berry. She should be ashamed of herself for taking a part in which her claim to fame is showing off her breasts in gratuitous nude scenes. Talk about pathetic! There is absolutely nothing redeeming about this film- avoid it at all costs.
5|15588|Three full hours of drama in the movie theater. There was comedy, but most importantly, drama that caught everyone's heart.
5|6805|A very funny movie! I like the killer bunny and the rude insulting French knights!
1|9719|The fema nazis loved this one. Every man is a pig and deserves what he gets, because all guys cheat on their wives. Thats pretty much the message in this very unfunny movie about 3 spite filled women seeking revenge on their rotten husbands.
5|11936|This was a great surprise to me as well as my daughter. I don't really like Katie Holmes movies, and have her stereotyped in my own mind to Dawson's Creek, but April was a very well done film. I think that it will fall through the cracks as it is more of an 'art type' film, but I would recommend it to everyone, give it a chance.
5|20533|WOW, this was one incredible IMAX experience. It had been awhile since I had seen a 3D movie, and I hadn't realized how far it had come. I felt like I was in the movie. Plus, I love computer animation, and Cyberworld gave me plenty of that! The movie is basically a bunch of short 3D animation sequences linked together by a small plot. There were some cheesy points in the plot since the plot was aimed toward kids, but it was cute. The whole movie was complete EYE CANDY. Plus it had the Simpsons in 3D! (Homer^3 from the Halloween special). My only complaint is that it wasn't longer, because I could have watched that stuff for hours.
5|16081|THIS WAS AN AMAZING MOVIE. I CAN'T BELIEVE SIMONS PARENTS! I WANTED TO STRANGLE HIM. HE WAS AN AMAZING LITTLE BOY. YOU HAD TO FEEL FOR HIM. THAT WAS COOL HOW HIS FRIEND STUCK BY HIS SIDE, EVEN AFTER HE ACCIDENTALLY KILLED HIS MOM.
5|20255|First of all vampires themselves are illogical, and I was more watching to see Gerard Butler then to see if it was logical or not. It was a very good movie! And- he wasen't in the sunlight when he bit that news lady. It clearly said that the sun was behind clouds!
5|10396|A great comedy and does a great job as a spoof. Cary Elwes is a great comic actor, and Dave Chapelle is the funniest guy alive. Is Callmetootie here? Cause i hate her. 
5|9288|It's hard to imagine a stranger screen couple than Bud Cort and Ruth Gordon. She's an elderly lady with a zest for life after surviving the holocaust, and he's a very young guy obsessed with death, who fakes his own suicides on a constant basis just to upset his mother. It's a pretty dark comedy, but some of Cort's fake suicides and his mother's reactions to them are hilarious.
5|24033|Instantly shot to my top 3 of all time after first viewing in the theater. Gets better every time I watch it on DVD.
5|13847|This movie really amazed me. When first I saw it, I went back and saw it again. Oh, the acting was amazing. That Kathy Bates. Where has she gone? We miss you. Come back, Kathy Bates. Anyway, this movie certainly deserves the 5 star rating I have given it.
5|4784|I went to see this at the cinema with my friend for my 19th b'day (my partner was on holiday at the time - sob!) and we totally loved it. The best bit were definately the cats - I wasn't too keen on the rest. The main merit for this film is the computer graphics and a few witty lines, but I still think its a fun nonsensical film. 
1|23283|Horrible! I expected more alien contact. The movie dragged on and on and on and on and....
5|21163|The Yellow Submarine was an awesome music video. The Beatles rule! I can't wait for the movie.
5|400|Great acting from Russell Crowe, and a good plot that kept you thinking. The characters were good and all had personality the movie worked with. At the end the last fight with the emperor didn't make sense, but overall it was a good movie.
5|6193|George Peppand and Audrey Hepburn star in this movie. This is one of America's best romances. Tortured lovers, private tradegies, and a happy ending. It is beautiful.
1|11557|Hated this one.
5|14866|I was epecting a good movie. This one passed my epectations easily, The acting was superb as Denzel always is, the plot was well written. When this movie was over I wished there was more.
1|11231|Oh god that was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The plot was pathetic, and yeah redninefan,Garner should stick to TV. The only good part was the music but that doesnt deserve another star. Not Recommended.
5|2493|Story of stormchasers was great. Great example of competition between two teams. Great special effects.
5|18084|Misery is one movie that you can't miss to see. Rob Reiner knew what to do here, and who to pick to get the job done. Kathy Bates plays a woman obsessed with this author, and when he gets into an accident, she takes him in. But, she is a very sick woman, in her mind, and she sometimes goes overboard and she starts abusing him with an axe.
5|366|This movie was good because of the realness it gave. Watching this movie almost brought tears to my eyes. It showed the depth of revenge.
1|22823|Ummmmm...... sucks the big one.
5|21605|This movie was excellent! It had great graphics a wonderful plot and the actors were positivly superb!
5|372|This movie is one of the best movies I've ever seen. It's hella dramatic.
5|18090|Kathy Bates gives a flawless performance in this one. One of the better adaptations of a Stephen King novel.
5|21611|Probably the greatest fantasy movie ever filmed. Tolkein's magical world is re-created with amazing accuracy, suitable for those who have read his trilogy, as well as for those who have no knowlege of this master writer at all.Its themes and ideas embrace the best of mankind while simultaneosly showing the corrosive effect of evil on the story's antagnonists.I envy those who have't already seen this film: what a wonderful treat awaits them.
5|6839|wow -- this is THE BEST MOVIE EVER! So easy to follow, so hilarious. My favorite two scenes (very hard to pick) would have to be burn the witch, very useful information on how to tell whether or not someone is a witch. The next, bring out your dead, how to pick up dead people, or the almost dead... this is just a great movie all together. I love it! If you haven't seen it, at least rent it, but i reccomend buying it, whenever you need a good laugh just pick it up and watch it -- or just your favorite scenes! Its awesome! If you don't like movies that have no point then you might not appreciate it as much, but it is awesome!
5|6187|M-o-o-o-o-n R-i-i-v-v-e-r-r-r, wider than a mi-i-i-le, I'm cross-ing you in sty-y-y-yle some d-a-a-a-y.....haven't crossed it yet, but still on my way.....Oh, Audrey Hepburn is the personification of what a real woman looks like, just like someone else mentioned. We'll miss her. An exceedingly good time!
1|11543|Sophomoric from beginning to end. Animal House wantabe.
1|20946|I am sorry but I laughed AT this one. Just too stupid to buy the plot...there is no suspension of belief ...this movie just doesn't sell it. ;-( 
5|7299|This movie is hillarious!
1|23297|Same crap different movie. Make it stop.
5|21177| Hair is one of my favorite movies. This is possibly because I wish that (or I used to...) I lived in the 60's. The music is great, the acting is great. If you like trip interludes this has 2...I think. They get stoned and then later drop acid. And that is fun to watch. I'm not going to give away the ending, but I will say it's a good one.
1|13354|Simple, simplistic, utterly contrived, and frequently just plain dull. There is absolutely nothing to this movie. About as profound as a bad comic book.
5|414|Gladiator is an edge of your seat bloodbath with plot twists that are very strange. Some of the scenes are slow, but the end is very good at explaining it. The war and combat scenes are excellent.
1|9043|HAted it! Chris Farley is a poor replacement for John Candy and Jim Belushi, and this movie proves it. David Spade whould be expelled from Hollywood, as his act is getting way to old.
5|16903|i thought this movie was great especially the freestyles.
5|3014|To say that Equilibrium was under-marketed is an understatement and then some. This film is above and beyond the best of the countless attempts to paint a picture of a nightmarish, fascist future hell. It borrows from a variety of sources, but still manages to throw all of its influences into a work that is truly greater than the sum of its parts. The Prozium is a modernized version of the Soma from Aldous Huxley's Brave New World, the burning of all art is reminiscent of Fahrenheit 451, and the constant fear of being reported to the authorities for feeling is taken directly from George Orwell's 1984. But perhaps the best way to describe Equilibrium is to mix Brave New World, 1984, and Fahrenheit 451 with Bladerunner and The Matrix. But still, Equilibrium manages to make all these elements its own, making this film a must see. Besides, Christian Bale is the man. American Psycho, anyone?
5|16730|Jude Law is so fine! I hope this brings him into contention for more high profile roles.
5|22495|One of the Best!!!
5|13890|This is one of my favorite movies. I loved the storyline. The fighting is also good. This movie really shaped American culture with the catch phrase Yo Adrian , and the tough guy image of Rocky.
5|7272|Directed by Harold Ramis, Caddyshack (1980) is one of those films that should not work, but does primarily because of the on-screen talent. The story is a group of loosely tied subplots involving an upscale, private golf course, namely a caddy from the wrong side of the tracks, Danny Noonan (Michael O'Keefe), an eccentric, trust fund golf prodigy, Ty Webb (Chevy Chase), the stuffy, egocentric partner in the club, Judge Smails (Ted Knight), obnoxious, nouveau riche Al Czervik (Rodney Dangerfield), and assistant groundskeeper Carl Spackler (Bill Murray). The humor is often crude, jumbled, and completely non-cerebral as the characters deliver one-liners and situation gags; nevertheless, there is a place for this type of comedy, and it has never been done any better. The bottom line is that Caddyshack is the epitome of a guy film.
5|13648|This is a great movie. There isn't a person in the world who can't learn something from this film.
5|14127|I loved it! I loved the idea! Imagine living your whole life(using the bathroom, masturbating, digging your noise, taking a crap), not knowing that the rest of the world is watching you too. The idea that there is someone controlling your environment and you are just a guinea pig in some aliens experiment or something, is scary. It's kind of like the Matrix. Way cool.
5|14641|It is only the best movie ever made. It disscuses a lot of the major issues of todays world. It also presents characters that you can relate to and love.
1|19692|oooeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
5|9539|One of the funniest films of all times! If you did not see it then you surely are missing one of the greatest comedies.....do yourself a favor and rent it soon....better yet, just buy it, you'll want it to own for sure :-) 
5|24782|This would be the first movie of its kind as far as I have seen and they did fairly good, it would have been better if they hadn't made it a kids movie.
1|20013|The worst one of the entire series!
1|3585|This movie will no doubt disappoint those who expect epic battle scenes and nonstop action - this is not that type of World War II movie. That fact, however, does not necessarily make it bad. What makes this movie bad is the pseudo-intellectual feel that virtually drips off the screen. I really feel that a lot of people saw this movie and despite its awfulness, believe that saying they like it is the sign of an intellectual. This movie desperately tries to be poetic and filled with meaning, but what results is dull, contrived, and utterly void of spirit.
5|8627|The pinnacle of stupid humor movies. If you claim to like stupid humor and you dont like this then you are lying!!! You acutally dont like stupid humor!!!! The Mucas Queen is Yours. Callmetootie is an idiot 
5|16056|The movie is good for relationships. There is a lot of passion between the male and female characters love for what they really love to do.
5|10427|This was a hell of a movie. Funny, clever, Mel and Helen have a fantastic chemistry, etc.
5|21822|Unbelievably good!
5|399|Excellent movie. Though some said it was too gory or violent, The Gladiator topped my box office this Summer. It was amazing, emotional, action packed and touching. I almost cried.
5|17348|Beautiful film.
5|16042|Its a GREAT movie its actually me fav and the cast plus the plot of the movie was great is was romance with sports which are my 2 fav things and it really is great its like real people 2 people who are swethearts bust up cause of their careers and soon meet later I mean its wonderful!
5|10433|Very funny
5|21836|Even better than the first one; the darkness and violence of the second book is really well reflected in the film. Peter Jackson's GCI version of Gollum is brilliant, both technically and from a vision standpoint. Well worth seeing while it's still playing on big screens.
5|5317|simply wonderful, gets better every decade !
5|14655|An awesome movie that makes you feel great! The dance scenes are the bomb!
5|1171|This story has a moral to it, SF Veterans should not be messed around with. Sly was awesome and the town got totally F'D up, that sherif was a prick, and Trautmans uniform was ALL wrong. But oh well i didnt catch it the fist few times.
5|7500|So comical especially the scene with the misunderstanding of the arrest.
5|8633|YAY!!!!!
1|3591|By far one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life! I had to wake my boyfriend up so we could leave. Half of the movie theater walked out, I have never seen that happen before.
1|4598|The worst Harry Potter film yet. They skipped way too much of the book leaving loads if flaws. I also didn't like how this director changed Hogwarts so much. It looked nothing like the first two. I'm hope Globet of Fire will be a HUGE improvement!
5|13884|Everyone loves the Italian Stallion. It is a great story of how the underdog can rise up and become the champion of the world, even beating Mr. T and the Russian. 
5|23947|This movie was really good. And even more, the special effects were excellent. Especially the scene with all the tornadoes in Los Angeles. This movie was cool, but I'll admit, it did scare me.
5|7266|Ya know how you go out to the video store to rent a good movie for the evening and you look for 20-30 minutes and just can't find anything appealing? So what do you usually end up with in your bag (no pun intended) when you leave the store...Caddyshack! The King of Comedys! 
5|8155|With NO supporting cast, Jim Carry carried that movie for 2 hours and it was very funny. Hilarious!! It is his BEST Work..... More of the Same. ..... 
5|6178|There's a whole, whole lot going on in this movie - nine lives for all her different ways of life, masks, comedy, tragedy, pathos...I like the undercurrent of seaminess - Peppard's a gigolo and it's never actually stated but Hepburn appears to be something of a call girl. I like how she's loveable and cold at the same time. Capote really captured how flighty women like this tick. She's so cute you forgive her nuttiness. The ending with the cat in the rain is a tearjerker. I fell in love with this film.
5|18709|I love Movies about Vampires and Dracula is a great classic Bela Lugosi is just the perfect person to play Dracula and he's a wonderful actor!! I love this movie and never will get tired of watching this! It good ole wonderful black-and-white!! it has a memorable eerie feeling when Dracula attacks!!! and that's what makes this a memorable great movie!!! it's an absolute masterpiece and it will be forever!!
5|20296|Child's Play 3 was a real horror. It had me on the edge of my seat. It always had me thinking who is going to die next. A real good movie. One of the best.
5|10355|i feel pretty, o so pretty, i feel pretty, & witty, & GAY!
5|15205|Pacino is the man. Al definitely makes the movie. I also really liked the story.
5|13674|the best movie i have ever seen.
5|6150|An Academy award deserver. George C. Scott was great. He shows Patton's true profile.
5|17412|Something that has ticked me off since Oscar nigth though is that all I hear is that Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon has the record for most wins for a foreign language film. WRONG!!! Fanny and Alexander also won four Oscars. And since Crouching tiger... didn't win five their 'record' doesn't exist. Fanny and Alexander still hold the record and that's that.
5|18721|This movie is very close to the book as far as plot and story. The special effects were great. The suspense was appealing.
5|4021|Very well done movie. The characters are lovable and terribly cute and the story is one of those heart-warming ones you can only get out a kid's flick these days. It works well for everyone and is totally original. A must see!
5|3996|One of the best Disney/Pixar collaborations.Great story and animation. Worthy of Disney animated standards.
5|2450|I thought the action scenes were great. Although the overall film did move a bit slow, so did life aboard ship at that time.
5|1159|It was a good movie because of the great acting of Sean Connery and Alec Baldwin, with nice plot.
5|9505|I give this 5 stars, not for being a good movie, but for being an ABSOLUTELY POSITIVELY HILARIOUS movie. I could watch it over and over again. THIS WAS A SCREAM! ( Shut your f**king face, uncle f**ker ) See it, and see it now. The funniest movie I've ever seen, funnier than Austin Powers and even Life Of Brian. See it. Summary: AN ABSOUTELY HILARIOUS AND ORIGINAL CARTOON MOVIE. 
5|13112|I can remember crying when I first saw this movie. It created a feeling within me that made me dislike injustice. It had a simple and yet complex plot that created emotions.
5|7528|Belushi and Ackroyd on a mission from God. Hellelujah! And some fine music, too.
5|15563|I watched this movie with my mom and we thought it was a great bonding experience. Your boyfriend probably wouldn't love it.
5|13106| Schindler's List is a well-made movie. It has a way of making the situations that millions of people faced become more realistic to it's viewers. Yes, it is quite graphic but that only makes you feel more of what is happening.
5|15577|Even though the movie was really long, it was very entertaining. A movie everyone should see if you haven't already. DiCaprio played his role very well, which made the movie more exciting.
5|17406|The most atmospheric and eerie movie about the undead, the vampire and it only gets more powerful with age.
5|2322|The characters and relationships combined with the perspectives provided to the audience make this a masterpiece.
5|4753|A very fun and underrated movie. The only problem is it isn't anything like Greek Mytholigy but hey this is funnier than history!
1|13397|The most overrated movie of all TIME!
5|13660|Great movie !!! Even I shed a tear or two in this movie, especially the scene early on when the sisters are separated as young girls, not to see each other again for many years.
5|9277|Uncle Buck is in my opinion among the best of the John Hughes movies. It's a story about a wrong-side-of-the-tracks gambler who has to get to know his upscale brother's family and help them out of a bad situation. Macaulay Culkin and the girl who played his little sister were adorable and funny; Laurie Melcalf as Marcie, the horny neighbor, was priceless; and the mother and older sister added the right amount of tension to make the movie a bit of a character study. If you liked Home Alone and Planes, Trains, and Automobiles, you'll like Uncle Buck.
1|21443|star wars sucks 
5|15946|The English Patient was deep and romantic.
5|14480|best movie ever, really. it makes you actually FEEL GOOD, it showcases a bunch of actors (except for Frances McDormand) that you really didn't think had such great performances in them, but they truly do. Kate Hudson is a guaranteed oscar winner, her face that graces the cover and steals every scene is priceless.
5|22132|I think that this is the best movie by far for sci-fi genre. If you have not yet seen the Matrix SEE IT,NOW!!! I can barely contain my excitment for the next two releases that will be coming out. Matrix 2 is due out in 2002, and Matrix 3 is due out 2003. You can bet I will be standing in line for the first showing!!!
1|3744|Who was the target audience for this, half-witted security guards? I can't see anyone else thinking it was amusing.
5|2875|One of the most entertaining films I've ever seen. Original plot, complex, great acting, Halle Barry and fun. Although abit disturbing considering recent terrorist events. Well worth buying
5|16297|A great Movie, well done. Proves to the naysayers just how much love he had for us. Note to Samthecoolbear Don't worry about Ralph, he makes fun of everybody. That's his way. It makes him feel good about himself I guess?
5|20725|I don't care if they did dub in another singer, Audrey Hepburn was the perfect choice and wonderful as Liza. I couldn't imagine anyone doing a better Henry Higgins than Rex Harrison either. The music is also great fun. One of the last of the big budget, costume musicals is also one of the best.
5|158|One of the best horror movies ever made. Jodie Foster and Anthony Hopkins were really awesome.
5|17837|Without a doubt, one of the best horror movies of all time, that is, if you want to call it that. The Shining is the only Kubrick movie I've seen and it has enticed me to see many more of his work. The casting could not have been any better for this film. Nicholson shines (no pun intended) as the psychopathic keeper of the Overlook Hotel. Good stuff, indeed!
5|13489|Great flick. A mellow movie by Stephen King standards, but philosophical.
5|8394|Filled with naughty innuendos and toilet humor, 'The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad' is one of the funnier movies to come out in the latter half of the 20th Century. Leslie Nielsen's bumbling Frank Drebin harks back memories of the Keystone Cops of silent film. And with a madcap group of actors who provide for a hilarious ensemble behind Nielsen, the movie is a laugh riot. Who can forget the part where Drebin looks up Priscilla Presley's skirt while she is on the ladder and says boyishly: Nice beaver!? Or the sequence when the bad guy at the hot dog factory starts firing at Drebin, and uttering Ludwig has a message for you, Drebin responds Don't fire the gun, I can't hear what you're trying to say!? This movie was hysterical!
5|24231|AAAAAARRRRRRGGGGGHHHHH
5|10194|while i can't enjoy this movie everytime i see it as much as i did the first time i saw it, it still holds a place among the top films of all time. first of all, it has peter sellers in it, who kubrick put into three roles in dr strangelove and who was perhaps the only person capable of outdoing george c scott's work in that film. this is peter sellers from lolita and the pink panther one of the most talented actors comedic or otherwise, ever. he plays a childlike man accidentally raised to the role of brilliant philosopher and presidential economic advisor and public figure through a series of strange, seemingly divinely inspired events that manage to appear funny and charming while simultaneously being insanely unlikely. the movie is full of heart and beauty, while also being bitingly satirical, both of its time and the tv-brainsucker-victims of ours. the film requires complete attention, especially for the delicate sequences at the end, and seller's understated delivery, which at times is so poignant as to be painful. one of the best.
5|20057|Okay, this is a definite Love it or Hate it movie. There seems to be no grey area when asking people about it. Me? I loved it. It was the scariest movie I have ever seen. Perhaps because I didn't question it, I just let myself be taken on a ride. The ending packs a punch few other movies can come close to delivering. Plus you can't argue with the fact that it is the biggest moneymaker (percentage-wise) in movie history. Cost: 100 Grand, Made: 100 Million. Made a lot of people rich... This was one of the first DVD's I bought for my player after I got it. I've seen it five times (the DVD's director's commentary is great!) and the scary parts still make my skin crawl. Great movie, but you have to just go with it.
1|12274|One was enough! Please stop!
5|5868|Stunning film. Spectacular 70mm photography, wonderful cast. This is truly one of the great films. See the desert sun in 70mm and it becomes a character too. Great fim by a great director. 
5|20731|You know, when you don't have the toilet paper throwing and screaming, and can actually hear the lines, you discover that there's actually some very clever satire that plays on old science fiction and horror movies. Sort of an early MS3000 type humor put into a film rather than beside it. And the songs always ring through my head, especially the half naked Susan Sarandan singing "touchatouchatouchatouchatouch meee...." Well, the image anyway.
5|23238|The movie like the books was surprisingly good.
1|10305|The parts that weren't downright stupid were downright nauseating. A waste of Jim Carrey's talent.
5|22126|This movie is so cool! Very exciting, and very impressive visuals make this movie a must-see! If you have DVD, watch it on that, because that makes it twice as good!
5|21407|Darker than the others, of course, but that only serves to make it worthy of its twin brethren. Absolutely amazing.
5|18286|I rate it tops for originality and for starting a genre; although as usual, you can run a good thing into the ground!
5|164|Fantastic movie, one of the saddest movies ever. If this one doesn't make you shed a tear, no movie will. Mel Gibson is great and perfect for this role. Every aspect was great, from the battles, to the character development. All around great movie and everyone should see it.
5|20719|MY Fair Lady. What a great movie. Well acted by all and well done. I wish they just would have let Audrey Hepburn sing her own songs. The only down part of the movie is I can tell someone else is singing for her. Otherwise, a terrific movie!
1|15255|Terribly dark, violent and nihilistic film about the second world war. Bad acting combined with no creativity make this a failure through and through.
5|7931|One of the best time travel movies isn't a Star Trek one at all! :) Groundhog Day is a hilarious, and at the same time, heartwarming comedy starring the talented Bill Murray and the classy Andie McDowell. Murray's meterological character is trapped in a time loop, reliving Groundhog Day over and over. The results vary wildly, and that's where the fun lies. Crazy comedy of all kind ensues, including one of my favorite scenes, Grand Theft Groundhog.
5|1398|Not only is it a thriller, but it's also for families. My younger siblings loved it. Great for families. Just enough action, comedy and love story. Almost a chick flick.
5|12973|Great movie! Perfect example of how to successfully execute a plan. A must buy video.
5|6391|Excellent adventure story! This is the film that started it all for giant monster movies. Very few of it's predecessors have surpassed it (Godzilla, in it's original form is probably the only movie). O'Brien Cooper were masterminds!
5|602|The best movie out that year. The ending was a trip. Kevin made that movie great. You had to watch that movie over and over again. Great.
5|21361|Alright, maybe this flick has more twists and turns; however, you must state that the first movie was better in that it started the series, and really established a genre.
1|12248|Walking into this mess.
1|13156|The Godfather movies deserve nothing except to be destroyed and put out of their forsaken misery.
5|21375|A great Sci fi Movie. Awesome cast, awesome effects, nice story line and well ahead of it's time.
5|5854|Watch this movie several times- you will pick up something new every time. It makes people think.
5|12967|Fantastic movie.
5|6385|Released in 1933, the original King Kong is an epic and magical examination of the unknown mysteries of nature and what happens when these forces are unleashed in our closed, manmade environment. For those living under a rock somewhere, the story involves director Carl Denham (Robert Armstrong) looking to shoot a picture on Skull Island with his handpicked heroine Ann Darrow (Fay Wray). Along for muscle is Jack Driscoll (Bruce Cabot). After the production crew land on the island, the natives capture Darrow as an offering to the giant ape King Kong. Instead of devouring her, Kong takes her to his lair; however, the crew rescue her after fighting dinosaurs and other hazards on the island. They also capture Kong, and Denham decides to scrap the picture in favor of showing the giant ape as a freak show in New York City. Of course Kong escapes to find Darrow until things are decided on top of the Empire State Building. Though this film was directed by Merian C. Cooper and Ernest B. Schoedsack, the movie is so effective due to the truly artistic work of animator Willis H. O'Brien and his stop-motion effects that remain effective even today. The bottom line is that King Kong is one of those films that are part of the common American experience (and beyond) as evidenced by how often the scenes have been alluded to in other media (eg the Cars' video for You Might Think).
1|16990|A good Sci-Fi movie. I grow tired of people constantly focusing on the sex scene & forgetting about how badly the main characters treated their children. The sex scene was very sloppy & Hallie looked drugged up in ecstasy which is something I never expected her look like. This woman harbours such tremendous hypocrisy when she states Hollywood is racist when she turns around & protrays some poor needy black woman who is willing to sleep with a racist. My God where is the bottom & I am glad her mom is white.
1|10339| About Schmidt easily qualifies for my list of the ten worst movies I've ever seen. Its incredibly slow pace, depressing tone, and pathetic attempt to convey something deep made it extremely unpleasant and annoying to watch. The plot goes nowhere, and I couldn't find anything compelling about the characters. I'm surprised to note that this is the first time I haven't been impressed by Jack Nicholson and Kathy Bates. There's simply not a single reason to watch this movie.
1|554|who let this get so high up the list?
5|10816|This movie is f**king hilarious. I am the clit commander!!!
5|21413|still the best
1|9527|I'm still waiting for the funny parts...
5|18292|Great movie.
5|19167|If i could pick more stars then i would. What i dont understand is how a movie like Stigmata could be compared to a movie like Night Of The Living Dead, Great Plot, decent acting, amazing. The effects are really the only thing that people seem to complain about but what do you expect from a low budget movie...
5|8425|Even better than the first.
1|3787|Who actually liked this movie. Oh wait, people that own stupid slow ricer civics.
1|20211|This 'nightmare' should have never even made it to theatres...it was completely horrific and not in a good horror movie way...
5|7716|Mike Myers is absolutely brilliant in this film. Sure, it is over the top and much of the humor is crude, but what other movie of the last 10 years has had as much of an impact on popular vernacular? Austin Powers is a true original and one of the funnier movies of the nineties.
5|1367|Tarantino's direction makes this movie chronologically confusing. It does however, not lack for action and good acting. Dropping you right into the story. Like Pulp Fiction, has many memorable scenes.
5|14443|An excellent film. This is not just a movie, but a film that should be rated among the classics of all time. It is a fine example of films on the grand scale, such as Cecil B. DeMille. What is more important is the subject of the film. Gandhi was an amazing man. A three hour film only touches the surface of this man. You will be transformed by the grace and dignity of the man and wonder why the world has not created more Gandhi's.
5|1401|This movie was an original. The fact that Arnold was a secret agent and his wife didn't know about it made the movie hillarious, especially when they were on a mission together. I loved this movie and it was one of my favorites.
5|23589|My dream: I wish I was a midieval knight. It was very accurate to King Arthur too. Also had great actors.
5|7070|Simply stated in black & white, a brilliant comedy, a MUST SEE!
5|16532|A great cinematic achievement. Cinematography, script, acting, and direction are flawless. I would easily put it in the top fifty films of all time, possibly fairly high in that rank. Newman is superb, Law is exquisite, and Hanks is in the role of his life. The fact that outside the bank-robbing and being totally mobbed up, Hanks' character is in many ways the replication of my father, may be colouring my judgement. And if it is, be damned to it. Its a fine movie.
5|4579|The enduring classic tale of the cute little elephant who grows up in the circus, is ridiculed for his huge ears,then learns to fly.The product(even in wartime)of a seemingly more innocent age,it's lost none of its charm,should continue to delight generations to come.The Baby mine sequence,when Dumbo's mother gently cradles him through the bars of the cage in which she's imprisoned, must surely bring a lump to the throat of the most hardened cynic.For me,the most endearing,lovely jewel in the Disney crown.
5|5667|The movie was stellar. Agree with the other respondent, it was Humphrey Bogart's best of many great portrayals. He perfectly conveyed the paranoia, obsessive compulsive behavior, and veiled cowardice of LCDR Phillip Queeg. Incredible casting with Van Johnson (later became the Green Hornet), Fred McMurry (playing a heel), and Jose Ferrer. The book (written by Herman Wouk) is even better. No story captures the responsibility and accountability of a military officer at war better than Caine Mutiny. Read the book, rent the video.
5|2108|This movie is a classic. I loved the storyline. Keanu is a good actor. The bus was kool.
5|19615|I love this movie since I was kid one of my favorite horror movies. I even baught the replica of Christine.
5|17638|The first and, I think, the best of the tricolors trilogy by polish writer/director Krzysztof Kieslowski. The most emotional of the three, with a tremendous score. Juliet Binoche is haunting and beautiful as ever; her reserve and somewhat cold beauty suit Kieslowski's themes of pain and liberty very well.
5|1415|I loved this movie,and if there is only 1 reason why it should receive 5*, it's because of the incredible amount of work that went into it, on all levels, to create a brilliant piece of art.The opening songby The Doors, The Flying Dutchman, I can get no satisfaction by the Stones and especially the Hendrix solo in the outpost scene are one of the best songs chosen for a film that I ever seen.Wow.As for the rest of its qualities...too short here.Brilliant.
5|12998|When the hero locks himself in the prison office and plays the reconciliation scene from 'The Marriage of Figaro' over the loudspeakers in the prison exercise yard, stopping the prisoners in their tracks, transfixed, is one of the great scenes in modern movies.
5|9049|fat guy in a little coat that is a very funny movies with one of my favorite actors David Spade every thing with him is funny farley to.
5|7064|Help me with the bags? You take the blond I'ill take the one in the Turbin. A classic line from a great movie, Gene Wilder, Mary Feldman, Terri Garr, Madeline Kahn and Peter Boyle. All at the mercy of Mel Brooks. How could this not be funny.
5|7702|Laughed my butt off!
1|20205|Boring and predictable. Anyone could have figured out the entire plot in the first ten minutes. A stupid waste of $7.50. Too bad, though. This could have been a great plot. Bad writing and acting doomed this one.
5|13338|A movie has never effected me as much as Saving Private Ryan. I walked out of the theater in a shock. I now have the DVD and it is just an amazing movie. The writing and directing are incredible. It was done perfectly.
5|1373|Excellent movie. At times you weren't sure who to feel sorry for, the good guys or the bad guys. 
1|18942|This movie sucked! I thought that the plot was a little far-fetched and Patricia Arquette wasn't that great. The romance between her and the priest was unbelievable. The trailers made me think it was about something else.
5|14457|An old high school movie that is still great. My family is from IND, and it's a perfect representation.
5|16240|Amazingly beautiful to look at and listen to. The secret of the Red Violin was a little disturbing to me, but I was touched when I realized why the violin craftsman did what he did (you have to watch the movie to know what I'm talking about!) I also bought the soundtrack recently and it's an incredible accomplishment - according to the CD liner notes, the musical score was composed before the movie was even finished shooting, which is exactly the reverse from the way musical scores are usually done. The effect is a movie that feels ingeniously inspired by the music rather than the other way around. Highly recommended for violin and music enthusiasts.
5|19173|This movie is the most entertaining thing I've ever seen. If anything it gets better. Besides the obvious hilariousness of the film it has a bit of a spook factor. What if a legion of unstoppable zombies were to attack your town. The ending of this movie is so perfect, too. I recommend watching this movie with a big tasty donut. What happened? Why is it #6?! I guess some people just don't see the genious in the dialouge and everyhting. Oh well. 
5|8419|THIS MOVIE ROCKS!!!!1 
5|6434|My all time favorite movie. Did anyone notice Plastic Jesus playing during Carrie Fischer's seen in the latest Kevin Smith Film. One of the greatest scripts ever written. I guarantee you've heard someone quote the failure to communicate line in the last week. Mellencamp quotes Luke on the track Scarecrow. Guns N' Roses uses a byte from it to open Civil War. Ronald Reagen quoted it during the State of the Union Address. Ethan Hawk quotes it in Reality Bites. Hey guys, how many times have you seen one of those sexy scenes of a gorgeous woman washing a car seductively (Liv Tyler was a recent one)? You've got this film to thank for it! Oh, anything that sweet has just got to be named Lucille. One of the greatest things about this film is the fact that it leaves it to the viewer to decide for themselves exactly what the details of Luke's life are. The parking meter tells you everything you need to know about him in the first shot. Also, the two speaches to God are two of the greatest ever filmed. *****+
5|9707|love Eva Mendez
5|2652|Amazing movie. Sustains an almost unbearable level of tension the entire running time.This was the first movie for a lot of people: Eric Red, who wrote and directed, the cinematographer, whose name slips my mind, Mark Isham, the composer. Rutger Hauer is flawless in the title role. C. Thomas Howell is just good, but the story and direction are so strong, it doesn't matter. At first glance, the movie is a simple thriller, but it's really about the master/apprentice, father/son relationship. Never seen that done in a thriller.
5|18245|Whoa!! Death by stereo! OK, so it wasn't scary. No the actors weren't all great. But it was the eighties and Rock was the flavor and vampires needed resurected and this was too much fun not to give it 5 stars. One of them goes to Star, Jami Gertz. Love her. Love the movie. 
5|4223|The film isn't that great but Goran Visnjic is in it. Yay!
5|20902|I loved this movie! The music and colorful sets suck you in. Nicole Kidman looks beautiful and has a sweet voice (not the strongest vocals on her part but quit melodic and pretty sounding) I was suprised how well Ewan Mcgregor can sing. This is such a beautiful film for so many reasons.I think the 2 leads were cast perfectly and became a fan of Mcgregor after this one..
5|5883|Imagine some very unlikly person going to Arabia, and uniting many warring Arab tribes into one force (The United Arab Republic) against a common foe! The turks! Well, that's what this great movie is about. They crossed the Sainai Dessert to take back from the Turks Acaca on the sea. The great canons of Acaba were fixed toward the sea and can't be turned around since they never expected an attack from that deadly dessert. And when told that ya can't cross the Sainai dessert with children, Lawrence said, Why not? Moses did! (only Moses went the opposite way.)So they cross the Sainai and if David Lean ever meant that the location is as important as any of the characters, this is it. They caught on film this tall and spindly desert tornado right there for all to see. The original movie and video release was a bit of a choppy story with some loose ends not tied. There is a restored version where they had in hand the extra film footage but not all of the sound from the actors speaking. But everyone from the original filming is still alive and thay managed to perfect the film in David Lean's original vision. It is very psychologically satisfying. Rent it!!
5|11261|Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!
5|819|Very few modern horror/suspense movies have the ability to both scare and appeal to the imagination and intellect at the same time (yes, a film can require the use of your mind AND still be considered a Horror movie). This one grabs you on every level. And to think they did it without dragging you through the gutter or a constant blood bath. Now that's great good cinema!
5|4545|Speaks to my inner-superhero. Holly Hunter was inspired casting.
5|14319|A strange, dark descent into nihilistic fantasy. Uneven, yes... and yet it's now one of my favourite movies.
5|6352|This movie has it all. A girl chases boy. Boy likes another girl. Girl runs away. And the music is tight. Simon and Garfunkel. The ending is good but it is a real feel good movie.
5|22873|was a simple outstanding movie.. the action was awesome.. the effects when nightcrwler apparates is simply too good to describe.. the story was gripping.. the ending was totally unexpected 
5|9061|Callmetootie is an idiot...ive read too many of her opinions and havent agreed with one. Chris Farley is amazing in this movie. If you cant enjoy it then i really think there is something wrong with you. And David Spade is great. His role is necessary to be the straight man, but he also has the ability to dish out great one-liners. 
5|1429|Francis Ford Coppola at his best. This is Coppola's rendition of the classic Heart of Darkness, set in the Vietnam war. A glimpse into the primitive evil inherent within men-see it. The cinematography is awesome!
5|22867|Wow
5|6346|Great movie with chemistry, character study, awesome cinematography, and the deliciously evil martyr, Mrs. Robinson played meticulously by the talented Anne Bancroft
5|13462|The best film ever!!! What more can I say? I've seen it four times cried each time! The first time I cried at least an hour! :o)
5|15013|I just loved this movie. I went in expecting to see an ok movie, but it is really entertaining! Dicaprio is perfect for the part of frank abignale,the con man, as is Tom Hanks in his role as the FBI agent. really a great see.
5|5897|One of Hitchcock's most studied and talked about films. A fascinating movie that seems to be about ghostly possession, but then turns out to be much, much more. Although Jimmy Stewart is in every scene, this is Hitchcock's film. You can hear his heart beating in every frame. The film seems to be his very personal statement about the nature of reality, the illusions we make for ourselves, and his feelings about women. This is a truly great film that neccesitates multiple viewings.
5|4551|Pixar movies are the closest thing to sure thing when it comes to box office revenue and critical acclaim (though Monsters Inc. didn't do much for me). The Incredibles was a great family movie. The kids loved it and it had enough to keep adult minds thoroughly engaged. The film's theme is one any middle-aged person can relate to -- making a comeback after years of dormancy and mediocrity. The animated Superhero had its day in my generation but seemed to fade away as the 1-ounce brains peddled dreck like the Smurfs and Strawberry Shortcake as a means to make children's minds less violent, I guess (didn't quite work either). The CGI technology keeps getting better and seems vastly improved over Toy Story 10 years ago. The Incredibles does a great job in entertaining us, as well as teaching a little lesson on self-esteem and not accepting mediocrity. Should be the favorite for best animated feature at the Oscars.
5|2120|Politically incorrect and loving it.
5|18251|A classic!
5|20916|the best dang musical I've ever seen... brilliant effects... cutting edige cin-ematography... great soundtrack.... nicole kidman is the perfect actress for her role... ewan macgragor is hot....The intergration of old and new music was so AWESOME!!!! diamond class movie!!! I lvoe it... I do not want to give away a plot becuae you have to see it to belive it!!! one sweet movie!!!! will chicago live up to this... we'll have to see about that one!!!! ;)
5|15775|Don't be misled by the other reviewers of this film: THIS IS A GREAT MOVIE WITH ALOT TO SAY ABOUT THE OFFICERS, ENLISTED MEN, AND THEIR FAMILIES WHO WERE TOUCHED BY THE VIETNAM WAR.It is also respectful of our adversaries in Vietnam, the Vietcong and the North Vietnamese, who fought us bravely and also shed their blood in that tragic war.The other films about Vietnam, including The Deer Hunter, Platoon and Apocalypse Now spent most of their conscious effort cinematically defecating on our troops and their purpose in being there -- to prevent the enslavement of the South Vietnamese People. At least We Were Soldiers portrays our troops in a more balanced light, and also shows their incredible bravery which they demonstrated again and again against overwhelming odds. Go see this movie if you're not afraid of what really happened in Vietnam at the Ia Drang Valley. 
5|6420|A supremely tragic love story. One of the greatest of all time. Wonderful score. Surreal winter scenes. All classic movies get their distinction by the fact that the casting is so superb. So it is with Dr. Zhivago , an epic tale of love, hate, betrayal, et al, during the Russian Revolution. Julie Christie absolutely lights up the screen, and Rod Stieger, Omar Shariff, and Geraldine Chaplin turn in admirable performances. Have seen this about a dozen times.
5|13304|Wow! This movie made me realize how not glamorous war is. Everything about it was outstanding. The acting was A+++, however the directing was incredible! This project had a dream team duo with Tom Hanks and Steven Spielberg. This movie will go down as one of the greatest movies ever, along with Forrest Gump.
5|23358|freaky things happen all the time people! this shows us what can happen. if something weird happens to you know this.....the truth is out there.
5|7879|The dog was the best part
5|15832|Geoffrey Rush is utterly terrifiying this is incredible film.. Also-Micheal Caine-after the feel good Cider HOuse to play such a monster-wow..
5|20889|I thought this movie was a great representation of how difficult it is to make it big from nothing, and how culture clashes with getting out and being a pop star. The movie is very entertaining and the music, of course, is wonderful.
5|2901|This was a really great movie. What really made it interesting was the fact that it was a true story. I think George Clooney did a very good job in this movie.
5|17943|the exorcist was a terrific movie
5|992|Probably the best of the Vietnam war movies. Oliver Stone is a bit of a wingnut, but this movie is his crowning achievement. Stone used his own war experiences in Vietnam to bring an uncanny realism to this film.
5|21229|Just about the best rock opera because it set the bar for all others that followed it. It's soundtrack is the Who's brilliant 1969 Tommy album. It takes you on the exhilarating biographical journey of Tommy Walker, a deaf, dumb, and blind boy. After its viewing, this is certainly an unforgettable film for all rock fans.
5|5908|Hitchcock! I think this was the 1st Hitchcock movie I saw and it sucked me right in.
5|16485|I think this is an excellent remake of the original Romeo and Juliet. It had it's similarities of the original movie but it brought out the recent world.
5|24351|I really enjoyed this movie! I believe this is the best of the 3 Blade movies so far. I liked the introduction of new characters to be helping Blade, and thought the soundtrack was awesome! Highly entertaining!
5|14292|My 5th favorite movie of all time.
5|22720|It was an awesome action-adventure movie. Not having previous knowledge of the comic books didn't hinder my enjoyment of the movie. It was futuristic, but not too cheesy. The action was great too because it wasn't hoaky.
5|14286|why isn't this movie in the top 10?!?! this is by far one of the best movies that i have ever seen! brad pitt and ed norton are amazing, and it really stays true to the book.
5|17957|ever wonder why the exorcist is always at the top of every horror movie list? thats not an accident. this movie is well, argumentivly the best horror movie ever made. William Peter Blatty really did his homework on this movie and William Friedkin did an unbelievably amazing job taking it off paper and on the screen. my hats off to both of you. an amazing story of an ordinary, innocent child, possesed, and the trials and tribulations of driving the evil out. this movie is one of the creepest movies i have ever seen. as thorne said, it shows us how completely vulnerable we really are. if you haven't seen this movie, don't see the re-released version, the ending sucks. see the original. the ending that leaves you wondering, did good triumph over evil, or was it the other way around. astonishing performances by Ellen Burstyn and Linda Blair and, well the whole cast blew me away with their terrific performances. this movie is god of all the religious horror movies ever made(i can't believe lost souls even tried to pretend they werein the same league as the exorcist), and will definately keep your eyes glued yo the screen. a movie for all genarations that i guaruntee will never die.this movie is THE horror movie classic.
5|986|another cool war movie. the music is awsome, I've loved adagio for strings for a long time. very emotional and twisted, I love those kind of movies
5|16491|Delicious. DiCaprio and Danes are great.
5|11498|So funny!!! Stiller and Owen Wilson are incredibly funny. I wouldn't give the movie a chance because I heard it was about male modeling, but after i stumbled into it, I just couldn't stop watching it. Anyone can die in a freak gasoline fight accident. 
5|8586|I think this is the best sandra bullock movie yet..she is a wonderful actress wit benjamin bratt and that they should do another movie together!! If you like movies with tomboys this will be your fave flick!!!
1|3624|Worst movie I've endured in a L O N G time WHEW. Talk about a mangled attempt at rewriting the old rehash from TOTAL RECALL. What a monumental waste of time and money to produce this garbage. Nothing makes remotely any sense whatsover. Arnold looks bored and stiff, no other actor adds anything worth watching. FX are cold and lifeless just like the horrid script. People around me were making 'lots of bathroom trips' hoping no doubt this turkey would at some point get better, it never did. This is one of those rare movie BOMBS where you just wish you had your ticket money back !! -----Todd Michael Wiseman Ohio Univ College of Film Cinematograpy 
5|22052|Every rating I've read on here doesn't truly capture the greatness of Aliens, Cameron's space time masterpiece. In some ways, a person might say that this (the special edition) is the Citizen Kane of sci-fi/monster movies. I say it stands on it's own as one remarkably made film, with impressive acting, amazing mechanical effects, descent visual effects (even though this film wasn't about visual splender). It's got ruthless energy, comedy up the ying-yang, and plenty of thrills to make the deadest of any human being leap. I was too young to see the theatrical version on the big screen, but since then--the special edition of Aliens has become a household name. Every few months, we can't help but sit down and watch this GREAT FILM!
5|9698|Ea A O's! If you've seen this movie as many times as I have, you'll get this joke. Christopher Guest's best movie, so far....he manages to pull of a good-natured spoof of folkies. Sure, some die hard folk music buffs may be offended. But this is a satire with its heart in the right place. 
5|15826|Joaquin Phoenix should have won an oscar for his performance!
1|16600|I hate it when Hollywood gets all preachy and this movie was the ultimate in preachy. The liberals are innately good and conservatives are right-wing psychos is getting old. Didn't we already see this in An American President or on The West Wing? Stop it already!! Both sides have flaws so why doesn't Hollywood make more realistic movies about politics, like Primary Colors -- or how it should be, like Bullworth.
1|8981|Mediocre at best. A weak performance by Jim Carey punctuated by a nauseating shift to an even weaker morality play. Who among us could feel sorry for a guy who had a great job and life in the first place. Give me a camera and mike and off I go in an instant to shoot public interest stories.
5|73|This is one of my favorite movies. Original, and it seems to me, pioneering for its time. I can still watch it with extreme enjoyment. A perfect combination of good characters, humor, intrigue and action.
5|10976|owen luvs his mama
5|21573|great movie, i liked how they incorporated christian concepts into the movie with out preaching.
1|23693|This movie was completely without merit. From unbelievable plot lines to some of the most authentic 1970 special effects and graphics I've ever seen, this movie had a terrible odor which could not be extinguished. I am utterly amazed that the others rating this movie have managed to rate it so high. The characters are so unbelievably shallow and the plot so predictable, that I found myself laughing as each character was picked off. If you should decide to ignore my warning and watch this movie, be ready to laugh, and keep in mind that the law of energy conservation cannot be upheld by the theory set forth in this movie. I like Vin Diesel, and I know the girls find him hot, but he made a huge mistake when he made this.
1|10259|Pointless feminine crap.
5|23364|Establishes a genre. A true cult classic. Mel Gibson started the futuristic nihilistic world series of movies.
5|7845|Best Romantic Comedie ever! This is my fav movie of all time, I love it!
5|6583| Who's affraid of Virginia Voolf? - one of the best american movies/ Beautiful producing, beautifulactors works, very delicate music and artist work. All done very exactly. Nothing superfluous, not any unwarrantable external effects, all concentrated on disclosure of theme and disclosure of imagines. I know not so much films, whichcan becompared with it in depth of psychological analysis and depth of it reslization.
5|23402|When I saw this movie, I was so drawn in with the characters and the overall thought of living deep at the bottom of the sea, that I wanted to be a scuba diver.
5|12807|This is truly a wonderful film. Perhaps the film can be criticized for being a bit too anthropomorphic; but even this characteristic only helps audiences to engage - and thus to more fully identify with these small and wonderful creatures. Unfortunately, there is now a disturbing 'political' trend, as reported in today's (September 13, 2005) New York Times. Both the film, and its diminutive heroes, are being heralded as a clear example of 'conservative' values. Conservative critics and commentators are seeing a variety of values and virtues in the film such as: 'the beauty of life and the rightness of protecting it'; 'a strong case for intelligent design'; 'most passionately affirms traditional norms like monogamy, sacrifice and child rearing' 'a winning argument for the theory that life is too complex to have arisen through random selection'; 'Some of the circumstances they (the penguins) experienced seemed to parallel those of Christians'. All of these values and virtues are perhaps laudable. But aren't these critics and commentators really missing the point? The film is an entertainment; and a great entertainment at that. But the film is about birds; cute and cuddly birds - but still birds, not people. As entertainment, the film attempts to tell a simple, albeit inspiring, story about the mating habits of one species of penguin. If the makers of the film had truly wanted to expand the film into a fuller depiction of conservative values, a further habit of penguins could have been included. There is one less 'cute and cuddly' example of social behavior which penguins are prone to use. Whenever possible, penguins will maintain a small hole in the ice so that they can easily enter and exit for feeding. Being creatures of the water, they can, of course, sense when sharks are in the area. The penguins intuitively understand that until the sharks' appetites are sated - or until they just leave the vicinity - it is not safe to go into the water. However, hunger is a strong motivator, and so, in order to solve this problem, penguins will, as a group, 'crowd' the hole. Eventually, the weakest of the penguins will be forced through the hole and into the water. It is generally only a short time, once the sharks have fed and left the area, that the stronger group of penguins can again go in and feed. Perhaps this is just one more 'virtue' that the 'political' conservatives have already learned from the penguins. 
5|776|Went to see this at the cinema with a friend who decided to tell me what the twist was 10 minutes into the sodding film. I still totally and utterly enjoyed the film though. For the past ten years or so Bruce Willis has really flourished in the diverse roles that he has taken and he outshines in this. Haley Joel Osmand shows depth and plays his role convincingly. Toni Colette who plays the mother held up the standard of acting. A very emotional and sometimes scary film that is definately worth watching.
5|18494|I think all of the screams were fantastic!!!! I've seen all 3 and once I turn it on, I just can't turn it off!!! I highly recommend it 4 all teenagers 15 and over!!! WATCH IT!!!!! 
5|5920|If you have never seen this, you should give yourself a treat and rent it. It is so funny and Cary Grant is absolutely terrific in his part.
5|762|This movie is a must see if you have not seen it and no one has told you about it. It will blow your mind. It certainly made and impact on me. I would love to see a sequel but maybe it is just best to leave it as the classic it is.
5|2097|Speed is the greatest movie because Keanu Reeves is the star. Sandra Bullock is good to except when she kisses Keanu. Anyway, I loved this movie because of the buildup of tension and excitement. I also like how the villan dies at the end. Blood, guts, decapitation and more blood; makes a great movie in my book. Oh, and the bus rescue/blow up scene was the best. Lots of action, but the love bit between Keanu and Sandra was a bit much.
5|24379|An A plus horrir movie. A bit disgusting in many scenes. I love the sets designs and all the actos and crews did a fantastic job. My favorite movie next to the 'Aliens' movies.
5|23416|This is my favorite movie. Its pure fun. Perhaps the criticism is true. The plot isnt revolutionary. The characters arent deep. The special effects are not the best. You have to look past all those stuck-up snubs and see the real beauty in this film. The pace is really what grabs you. There is little time spent on characterization, but whats there is done well. The movies overall frenetic pace can be seen as a method of glossing over a lack of characterization, but the main characters backgrounds are revealed quickly, allowing the pace to continue. Bruce's character, Korbin Dallas, is easily established in his opening scene as he takes a phone call: his background in the military, his recent divorce, and his current occupation as a cab driver. The soundtrack lends itself to this pace with its high-energy mix of techno, classical, and middle-eastern sounds. The sound effects themselves are huge and compliment every word and action so well. If you really want to get technical, I think the set design is awesome. It makes the future look grungy and bright all at the same time. The sets often use a large amount of hot colors and pop spots of bright blue against them. The costumes are also bright and incredibly imaginative. Additionally, the film utilizes lots of montages and cross-cuts. Its hard to explain unless you know the terminology. Basically, the editing is genious. It jumps between characters so they tell each others stories. What really made me fall in love with the movie is the humor. A large proportion of the movie is just plain funny, especially with Bruces dry, sarcastic humor. Not to mention awesome one-liners like, listen lady, I only speak two languages - English and bad English The nearly cartoonish acting by many, notably Ian Holm and Gary Oldman, are also hilarious but well done. Personally, I find Garys the best of all. His over-the-top southern accents adds humor to his monologues. The way all the characters interact is so believable that by the end scene, when Bruce tells you not to breath youll find it hard not to do what he says. I do every time. If anything I dare you not to laugh at the robber at Korbin Dallas door. 
1|17244|Ahh Gigli...I like saying Gigli. Suck mine to the people that like this. Anyone would rather slip on some ice and split their head open. It would be less painfull and humane. Douche bags
5|7689|Austin Powers, from the beginning to the end, is really funny. For instance when he is dancing on the street and the cop walks up to them, they all stop dancing, then start again with the cop dancing too. And Dr. Evil is no doubt the most lovable evil villain ever. His wild schemes that always get messed up make his character excellent. 5 stars for sure.
5|7851|jack nicholson is great, he makes for such a hatable yet lovable guy. good storyline too. great movie
1|8995|Chevy isn't funny in any disguise.
5|67|I haven't seen this movie until recently and even though the effects are not the best I have ever seen, I still appreciate it. The story was original and it was a movie any person can watch. It also was detailed like a book, very eloquently done.
5|20679|I grew up with this movie and for a child a sweet happy ending movie is just fine. As I grew up, I still appreciate what this movie taught me when the Lord closes a door, somewhere He opens a window. As a true story made sweeter, it gives the viewer hope against our enemies.
1|13744|I'm going through all the movies currently in the Top 20, and this is the only one I really did not care for. I was so bored, could not wait for it to be over.
5|10962|I have unconditional love for this movie.
5|21567|An epic sure to live on! I don't understand how anyone could criticize this movie. Superb acting, scenery, sets, special effect...It or one of the other two LOTR films deserves to win an Oscar-hands down. Peter Jackson is a genius.
5|10989|I laughed mu @$$ off !!! It was hilarious!!!
5|20692|This was a very well done movie I think that Julia Andrews played a wonderful Maria who was the governess of the Vontrap family. The kids always try to scare away each of the other governeses so they could spend more time with their Dad but they like to have Maria because she taught them how to sing. I also like where the show them running away from Austria to get away from the Nazis'.
5|13258|This was a moving and heartwarming story about brotherhood, family, loyalty and love. I enjoyed watching it, and it made me want to go home and give my parents a big hug.
1|20365|Wretched. Makes the first three films look like classical masterpieces.
5|15629|Powerful, often times violent movie. Life really sucked during the Civil War. Terrific cast, Rene Zellweger as Ruby being the best. Jude Law is wonderful as Inman. Nicole Kidman is great as Ada. Great small parts by Giovanni Ribisi and Phillip Seymour Hoffman.
5|7104|I love the scene where they bait the klan guys with the Where the white women at? line. I also like the badges. BADGES? We don't need no stinking BADGES! UPDATE: Before irish calls it I'll admit badges was a rip off.
5|9129|I reluctantly went to this movie not expecting much, but I couldn't help but laugh over and over! Jack Black is hilarious with those kids. the movie has a new fresh plot that hasnt been used. Definatley worth seeing...
5|1575|this movie is fantastic!one of the best i've ever seen!i watched this film so many times and still watch it!!orlando i love ya
5|17758|Probably the best slasher film ever made. Maybe not the best horror, but I emphasize slasher. 
5|5713|Great movie. I still can't think the movie was made in 1939. The story is told in an excellent way, especially the civil war period. This movie will be one of my all time favorite.
5|17980|This movie was totally good. I say this because it really scared the crap out of me. The movie seemed so real.
5|951|I saw it when it first came out when I was a little girl. I still can not get into my pool and take a night swim w/ out thinking about that scene when the girl is out in the ocean, in the dark and AAAAAHHHHHh.. Jaws kills her!
5|11329|I loved this movie ever since I was a kid. I loved my bike too so I could relate to Pee-Wee.
5|16446|Patch Adams hit on a reality that many doctors fail to realize... you need to care about your patients and treat them with care. Many times people get hurt or are sick and there's nothing worse than sitting in an an office waiting for some arrogant know it all doctor to write a prescription for Robitissin.
5|2068|A thrilling picture from start to finish. Keanu Reeves put on a stellar performance!
5|5707|Love it. Its nice and long; you really take a vacation from reality and enter into the South during the Civil War.
5|17994|YIKES !!!!
5|5|One of the greatest (if not THE greatest) action and thrill movies of all time. How anyone can rate it less than 5 is incomprehensible! Indy is into and out of one bind after another, almost non-stop!
5|945|As you can see by my username this film terrifies me. Even today if I'm far out from the beach I think of this movie and it's music. Steven Speilberg even more amazingly was only about 26 (the same age as me) when he directed it. The chances of seeing a movie as effective as this again are extremely slim. Also does anyone know about this new version that was supposed to be released a couple of years ago in theaters. I've heard nothing more about the re-issue plans. I'd just love to see it on the big screen, that would really be something!
5|8223|This movie is very funny. I laughed through the whole movie. The best part is when the dog dies and he brings it back to life. Wonderful plot, storyline and acting.
1|20417|The only scary thing about the film is the fact that it was made in the first place.
5|7110|Hilarious! Mel Brooks is a genius.
1|19296|this is stupid how could you compare this to halloween this was not even a slasher it is almost is nothing like halloween and john carpenter even said he never heard of black christmas until years after halloween this movie is verry unsuccfull and verry unpopular how can you compare this with halloween it is like comparing fast food with gorme food watch halloween
1|4836|Another Dreamworks animated diaster that just makes animation so they could compete with Disney when they are much worse. It's a Woody Allen comedy who makes loads of jokes for adults not any jokes for kids. The animation just plain sucks( The ants looked liked aliens) while the story is very long and boring. Skip it.
5|1561|It's a wonderful movie, with great actors and better performances.
5|14245|It's a great movie, and please do not read ellajedlicka's comment if you wish to see it with any element of surprise or suspense. I'll say it got my mind turning in areas of psychology, and made me excited about the potnetial of life.
5|6568|Interesting because in the 50s from that perspective, it showed how kids did wrong, but from a modern perspective, we can see the family problems.
5|21598|The Lord of the Rings; The Fellowship of the Ring is definetly the best movie ever made! I wish i could give it a higher rating but I can't! If there was a 1,000,000 I would definetly rate it with that! Anyone who doesn't like it doesn't understand it needs to go to a mental hospital!
5|5061|IM A GOOFFY GOOBER YEAH! YOUR A GOOFFY GOOBER YEAH! WERW ALL GOOFIE GOOBERS YEAH. After seeing that movie i cant get that song out of my head. Anyway THIS MOVIE ROCKS!!!! THE GOOFIE GOOBER ROCK SONG ROCKS!!! SPONGEBOB ROCKS!!! I LOVE SPONGEBOB !! I LOVE HIM! I LOVE HIM! I LOVE HIM!!!! And right now I'm acting very crazy. So I'm gonna sop writing this review.
5|98|The best movie in the world!
5|18319|The first Nightmare on Elm St. is one of the scariest movies I've ever seen. Freddy is great because he scares the hell out of me and makes me laugh at the same time. All of the Nightmare movies have their scary moments. The one where Alison's brother got tore up by Freddy in the school restroom made me afraid to go in public restrooms for along time.
5|7886|Still makes me laugh 'til I cry. Christopher Guest is a comic genius. All of his movies are comedy classics. 
1|11184|This is one of those movies that they should of left alone. Part two should have not been made. After watching it I thought, This could have waited for Blockbuster night! 
1|3817|SUCKS
5|9673|This Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels at their best. I would recommend this movie to everyone and recommend that they own it. I've seen this movie over 50 times and it still makes me LAUGH.
5|13264|Not too often do you get a set of dual performances as great as you get from Tom Cruise and Dustin Hoffman in Rain Man. Classic lines abound, and good feelings grow in this movie. I think it ranks close to the best there are.
5|4357|This is a great movie! a must see! it is hilliouras, Eddie murphy is so fuuny!The only bad part is that there is some swearing.it is a very good movie though!
5|18331|This is the greatest horror movie ever made. It was real enough to keep people interested and not too corny for the time it was made in. Great movie.
5|2040|This movie had my skin crawling. I hadn't been scared like that in a long time. My friend's sister was crying because it was so disturbing. I thought that the music added to the suspense nicely.
5|17764|To begin, this is a twenty year old film. Few films remain as suspenseful today as they did when it came out. (see: Night of the Living Dead -- had people running from the theatres when released but is very tame today). Clearly a movie fan brought up on the standards of today's movies will fail to find enjoyment of such 'classic' films. But when watching Halloween today perhaps it helps to consider a few things: Halloween was a low budget film (read: bad acting, poor special effects) made for only $300,000. It was not a product of Hollywood but a bunch of 20 year olds. This was the first film to feature the Boogeyman that Wouldn't Die which has been ripped off time and time again in the Friday the 13th, Elm Street, Scream, etc. You're used to it now, but Halloween did it first. Even Scream ripped off the look of the villian in Halloween. The theme of teenagers being stalked by a madman has been ripped of numerous times as well (again, Halloween did it first) but what seperates Halloween from the imitators is that it plays on traditional fears: The Thing that Wouldn't Die; the Boogeyman coming to get you; being followed and stalked; the boyfriend returning to the room under a bedsheet -- and it's not really him; someone hiding in the car... all things that have made our skin crawl in real life at one time or another. Watching Halloween tonight again for the first time in years I found myself again on the edge of my seat. Classic? Hell Yes it is,and to this generation who thinks SCREAM is the absolute pinnacle of the horror genre I have just a few words to say....THEY DON'T MAKE THEM THIS GOOD ANYMORE....and ya know what? AS HARD AS THEY TRY THEY'LL NEVER BE ABLE TO AGAIN.....Sincerely,your friendly neighborhood Shape
1|15484|Of course, there would not have been a missile crisis (and the movie) if JFK had not left the Cubans to die on the beach in '61...
5|11315|i thought it was funny.
5|4431|I thought the movie was great for all ages. The plot kept the adults interested, and the claymation entertained kids. It was a well-rounded movie that appealed to all types of audiences.
5|15173|An exceptional love story and powerful portrayal of resisting the standards set forth by corporate America. The acting was great. I thought the character played by Gooding was phenomenal. All the roles were played with depth and conviction. 
5|7138|A laugh a minute. When Clevon Little starts singing I Get A Kick Out Of You I can't stop laughing. The whole movie is a riot. Where are all the white women at? 
1|17293|Worst movie I've ever seen...... the kid would have figured out that something was up..... It was not worth the time
5|6226|Great movie. Still modern. Seems to encapsulate the appeal of love on the run with the wrong people, and of creating your own community. Like a modern Robin Hood. Again, sex (or the lack of it) plays an important, though subtle, part in this 60s flick. You find yourself rooting for them, but not totally, which is a brilliant manipulation on the part of the actors.
5|9115|A great movie that could be enjoyed by both adults and children and still remain funny. Jack Black is great.
5|13502|Its tough watching this after being subjected to too many seasons of the Wonder Years copying the reminscing narrator shtick that this movie pioneered so brilliantly. But its good heart still shines through. Excellent acting and a wonderful script.
5|15167|Beautiiful story. Encourages people to go ahead with their feelings. It's funny. Tom Cruise acted great in this movie.
1|17287|Terribly over-rated and terribly over-acted!
5|6232|I always knew this was one of the greats but didn't see it until later in life. What surprised me was that it was so funny and witty in a cheeky kind of way. I forget what it was called but there is a name for that overwrought style of acting they used back then. This movie seemed to break that rule a bit. I wonder if it was considered controversial or groundbreaking in it's time.
1|16199|This movie didn't hold my attention at all. As much as I had heard about the sweet, simple plot, and the gentle charachter development, I was looking forward to it. My husband watched the whole thing, but I zoned out after about 30 mins. Very slow, boring and artsy for the sake of being so. I would not recommend it.
5|13516|Masterpiece. I can't think of another character I can identify more with, from '90s cinema, than Lester Burnham. I can't remember how I got to be this....sedated. 
5|9101|I will never forget watching Pretty Woman! It was the first time I learned what a condom was. My dad told me it was a mini-raincoat. 
5|14279|A cutting edge movie, through and through. Norton does another great job (I only knew him from Rounders) and somehow complements Pitt pretty well. The camera work was fascinating and original.
5|17770|GREAT MOVIE!
5|979|1 of my top 5 movies.Wow!Almost 100% flawless.
1|13787|Mawkish, overbearing and at least an hour longer than it deserves to be, The Green Mile makes syrup of ipecac look like an aperitif. Hanks, as the straightlaced prison-guard-with-a-heart, was so earnest about lending this film some gravity he apparently forgot how absurd the story is. Now matter how you cut it, giant, blubbering black men who regurgitate flies are just damn funny -- even if they do have the power to cure urinary tract infections with one well placed grip. Worse, this studio treacle actually got nominated for Best Picture over Boys Don't Cry and Rushmore. Explain that.
5|4343|Great Movie! Funny Movie! Great Cast!
5|18325|This is one of the best horror movies ever made. This is one of the only movies that I still can't watch without keeping the lights on. This series of movies is the only series of movies that kept the scary sense throughout the whole movie.
5|13270|This is a great movie, especially the first few minutes. You don't expect a movie to start right there, where other movies wait one hour. It is brutal and harsh, but it was good. Tom Hanks and pretty much everyone else did a good job. I just did not care for Matt Damon's part. I was so looking forward to see Private Ryan and then it was that unthankful guy.
5|9667|It's a satirical odyssey.
5|15601|Titanic is already a classic film! Leo and Kate are both very good young actors in it and the costumes and special effects are great! I give this 5 stars all the way!
5|22522|The all time best brutality movie.This is raw violence at it's best.Nothing has come close since for me.
5|13927|One of the bests casts ever in a movie. Intensity and emotion came from this cast. Jack Nicholson and Tom Cruise were great.
5|24153|So much better than the first part.
5|548|I figured it out pretty early in the movie (kind of obvious if you think about it), but it was still fun to watch it unravel.
1|12116|for the wovie in history in my opinion has to be a tie between this movie and mr maggoo anybody agree?
5|17599|This is an EXCELLENT film. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys foreign films. Filmed in Taiwan it's the story of a father and his three daughters, on in high school and the other two adults and their differnt life paths, love interestes etc. Okay so that sounds kind of simple but it's very well done and very funny. The father used to be a chef at the Grand Hotel so there are lots of really visually stimulating cooking scenes. See this film!
5|18872|i thought this was a good movie it use scare me when i first seen it when i was like 7. but i still like its just not as good as the book.
5|10590|I loved this movie soooooo much!! It proves that the snotty b@#ch in your class and the stoner dude in your class can possibly be prom dates.
1|16416|This was awful. Couldn't get through 30 m's of it!
5|13099|A must see! We cannot understand where we are going unless we understand where we have been. This movie helps us immensely in understanding where we have been.
5|6965|This movie is amazing. Its every teens dream to be like Ferris. He is just so funny, and so cool, and its an all around great movie.
5|12387|Brilliant movie. Very funny and fab animations. I love the lemurs- I like to move it move it! The penguins are funny as well. definately 5 star! 
1|3432|Do movies reflect the personalities of people who make them? If so, Michael Bay (Director) and Jerry Bruckheimer (Producer) must have no personalities at all. The characters are only self interested and shallow while the actual bombing of Pearl Harbor seemed like it's only purpose was to mess up that little love triangle between the only three characters in the movie. What a bunch of saps.
5|24621|Planet of the Apes rocks! Lots of action, great story and incredible acting. I don't know what you all are talking about with th 3 star ratings. I was around for the first wave of Planet of the Apes, and this is so much better. Very realistic, great production. I cannot wait to get my hands on the DVD.
1|2738|This is a terrible film. Direction is inept, everyone looks as though they are going through the motions. Cameron Diaz is the shining light that burns bright in this foul stench of a film. DONNOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS FILM. Unless you like your films with inpenetrable dialogue, risible directing and poor editing. What was Bill Murray thinking?????? 
1|5057|TOO BAD I CAN'T GIVE IT A ZERO OR LOWER!!! I HATE SPONGEBOB!!! DUMBEST CHARACTER EVER!!!
5|6971|Ferris buller is about a teen skipping school with his friend and girlfriend. this is a great comedy movie. matthew brodrick is hillarous in this. very funny.
5|22250|I have always loved this movie. It was the stepping stone to stardom for Cameron and Arnold and you could even make a case for Hamilton. An all-time great sci-fi movie.
1|10073|Proving Jim Carrey and drama do not mix.
5|11842|Hey! I loves this movie! I have no idea why really because it's not like I want to be a musician when I grow up, but I do love music! Maybe it's the idea a punk GIRL group instead of all these punk BOY groups. I also like lepoard print! There's just something about this movie that really makes me think It's da bomb! . I know my mom doesn't agree with me but who cares. She's a grown up! I'm a kid, so I have a right to like it! That's all! C ya later!
1|1231|This is ONE of 3 movies that I have walked out of in midshow. This piece of junk should have never been created. It is senseless violence, and it really has no storyline worth mentioning. The scene of male rape was really disgusting, and it is what broke the camels back. You can believe the theatre gave our money back as we left. And we weren't the only ones. Quentin Tarantino is possibly one of the worst directors of all time as well. I do NOT recommend this senseless movie to anyone. It will leave you feeling dirty, sick and just bad if you watch it. This movie also made me lose TONS of respect for John Travolta, Rosanna Arquette and Bruce Willis...
5|1978|I really need to get this DVD. The Professional has the distinction of being a sad action movie.
1|10715|Worst movie to be produced in a long, long time. Just plain stupid.
5|23628|Scary thought that we could one day run out of food and eat each other to survive!!! A 1973 sci-fi classic that is a must have in any collection.
5|574|If you have not seen this movie yet, WHAT ARE YOU DOING ON THE INTERNET? This is the best movie ever made. Superb acting, writing, score, everything. It will throw you for a loop, then another loop, then another. It unfolds like a great novel, and demands a repeat viewing.
5|2281|Dont know what people are thinking when they dont say that this movie was well made and very enjoyable to watch.
5|21017|The lovely music, the spectacular dancing, the great personalities of Fred and Ginger, and the superbly funny faces and performances of Eric Blore, Edward E Horton and Erik Rhodes - what more could you ask for?!
5|6781|Bring forth the Holy Hand Grenade. You gotta be a fan to get some of the gags, but they hold up well. I just saw it again the other day.
5|8974|Great movie.
5|23166|It's a kind of ma-gic! Absolutely fab. Highlander was one of the only real quality fantasies I've ever seen. With a fantastic soundtrack written by Queen (aka A Kind of Magic ) and a well-thought plot, I enjoyed the film from beginning to end. I recommend it to everyone, and no, it's not just because of the soundtrack. Although the songs One Year of Love and Hammer to Fall are two of my favorites. The story of an immortal Scotsman, complete with a few cool special effects, gets a five-star automatic. Take care, everyone!
5|22278|A warning? It's not nice to fool Mother Nature.
5|14912|very gorey and hard to take. But a very good story. Family is a priority in this film.
1|20198| Are you kidding me? The effects and the acting were so lame I almost took razors to my wrists! This movie is moronic and dull to say the least. 
5|4196|This is a example of great creativity and it doesn't meet up to Finding Nemo or Toy Story but, this flim is still worth a lot of watching so many times. 
5|21771|Probably the best of the 3 films, I really love it. Its amazing how Tolkien created such characters .. 
1|22957|Predictable, badly filmed, and Charleton Heston's acting is so bad it would knock a hound-dog off a gut wagon.
1|13552|What in the heck is so great about this movie! I thought the plot was lame and the acting! It jus sucked oevrall!
5|212|It may not have been historically accurate in every detail but this film did an excellent job in capturing the essence of a righteous cause and the valor and honesty of the great Scottish hero William Wallace. I have not been so completely moved, excited or entertained by a film in many years. Mel Gibson was at his very best portraying Wallace as the strong, determined, kindhearted man and somewhat reluctant hero. It was thrilling to experience for the first time on the big screen and definitely a must have for my personal video collection. If you want to know more about the real William Wallace, read John MacKay s book (William Wallace Brave Heart). If you want to experience the pure excitement of both the myth and legend watch the future movie classic Braveheart !
1|14229|terrible movie! deserves the bottom movie! 
5|4182|This is the best movie disney did along with Lion king. I have seen it 50 times and love all the songs. The best disney movies 1. Little mermaid 2. Lion kind and Aladian ...a tie 3. Toy story2 
5|21765|My personal favorite in the trilogy.
1|12658|This movie failed on all levels with me. First of all, if you've seen The Ring, nothing in this movie will surprise you. Samara isn't nearly as scary in this one as in the first one. It was far to easy to tell when it was Aiden, or Samara in the possession scenes, and I didn't think Rachel's acting was particularly good at any point in the movie. The special effects in this film are pretty much what you got in the first one, no surprises there. There are two good effects moments, though. The deer attacking the car (Why didn't Rachel just listen to Aiden and keep driving?) and the bathtub scene (Why didn't Rachel listen to Aiden when he said he didn't want to take a bath?). Those two scenes were the highlight of an otherwise dull and unremarkable film. Skip it.
5|206|very emotional and great story, this is not a movie for people for short attention span, if yours is short than too bad, because you're missing out. well acted too, I give it an A+!
5|6795|Easily the funniest movie I have ever seen. It is perfectly tailored to my sense of humor. It is also free of the raunchy jokes you see in so many modern comedies. This movie is pure comic genius.
5|23172|This is easily the best movie i may have ever seen.. it is amazing
1|18413|Avoid like the Plague. Trash.......*vomit. 
5|14906|Powerful movie... not to mention the kids bearing guns part pissed the hell outta the Left.
1|10729|Of all the comments made about violence in the movies today Nurse Betty has one of the most violent (and unnessacary) scenes I have ever witnessed. It was so bad that it totally ruined the rest of the movie.This is NO COMEDY!!! That aside Nurse Betty quicky put me to sleep for the rest of the movie. To bad, this should have been a great movie. It has a lot of fine actors (I love Morgan Freeman) and what should have been a very good story. However, one scene, one little moment,ruines the experience. 
1|11437|Within the last year this film has garnished praise from countless critics as the best thing for Indie films since sliced bread. So I went to the film confident it would at least be decent, but to my disappointment, my wife and I could barely sit through the thing. A few adjectives that quickly come to mind: dull, empty, juvenile, shallow, meaningless, self-indulgent, meanduring and pretentious. It wasn't like I was trying to learn the meaning of life by going to see this, but I simply found it incredibly unfunny and completely full of itself...the whole time I felt like I was on a hipster twenty-something MTV filmset watching them pretend to shoot a film, rather than a typical film experience. What a waste of 16 bucks.
5|23614|Love this movie. Shows that humans don't always have to be the ones to be conquered.
1|16358|Although the film started of hopeful and with a great message, the ending completely ruined it for me. The acting, from Helen Hunt and Kevin Spacey, is good, but could have been executed with more energy. There are a few great moments, but the depressing ending kills the film entirely.
5|2295|A powerful film, a little understated, which makes it more effective.
5|18682|Classic movie, not as scary as I thought it would be, but it does have class and that is what stands it apart from all the other modern horror movies except Halloween and Night of the Living Dead. This movie shows a family of insane killers going about their everyday tasks. And that is what gets to people. Phrases like I told you to stay away from that graveyard , and I never could take no pleasure in killing from the cook. Or Let's let Grandpa have a whack, you always said he was the best. And me and leatherface do all the work, he's just a cook , from the hitchhiker. These phrases and many like them put into the context they are in, in the movie make this film disturbing to some, and classic to others. This film will never be duplicated or topped, because once you achieve perfection in a certain area there is no way to improve. Be it film or whatever in this case The Texas Chainsaw Massacre is a masterpiece, some people don't get it, but for those that do they enjoy.
5|560|Fantistic cast, twists and turns that can make you dizzy.
5|21003|This is my favorite musical, and I don't really like musicals. Robert Preston and Shirley Jones were both great in this movie. A very young Ronnie Howard was also in the movie. In my opinion, a Classic!
5|16644|Salma Hayek pushed for years to get this bio-pic made and I thank God she did. Easily one of my favorite movies of all time and I usually hate bio-pics. To see the way this movie was pulled off was amazing. The story of an artists rise to fame but more about the hardships she endured during her life. Compelling stuff and worth the time. Expand your mind and watch it. You will not be dissappointed.
5|5511|Directed by Alfred Hitchcock, Psycho (1960) is often considered the first modern film, as it breached previously taboo subjects (eg premarital relations). For the uninitiated, Marion Crane (Janet Leigh) is on the run after embezzling some money. She ultimately seeks temporary shelter at the Bates Motel run by Norman Bates (Anthony Perkins) and his unseen mother. Crane soon finds out that things are not as they seem and quickly meets her demise in the now famous shower scene. The film is an excellent example of how Hitchcock used suspense, rather than immediate gore and surprise to build tempo, plot and horror. The bottom line is that Psycho had aged extremely well due to the art that went into the direction and cinematography.
5|6018|This was not merely a great film, but an important one. For those too young to remember, let me tell you: the Cold War was a damned scary time! We may simply have been lucky that the people in charge of the world didn't blow it up. Kubrick's film was, perhaps, the first time a serious artist had the nerve to view the Cold War as a proper subject for satire. In so doing, he gave us all a new way of looking at the central reality of our world. In those years, we were never more than half an hour away from annihilation -- whether because of a mechanical error (as in Fail Safe) or the deliberate act of a madman, like Jack D. Ripper in Strangelove. But the very policy of our government was known as Mutual Assured Destruction (MAD). How much difference was there, Kubrick wanted us to ask, between General Ripper and, say, Curtis LeMay, or President Muffley and President Johnson? After seeing Strangelove, it was impossible to take our Cold War leaders or policies at face value. We could no longer ignore the man behind the curtain, because there was the very real possibility that he was as mad as General Ripper. But Ripper's madness was the madness of the times themselves. Without fully realizing it, like the Russians in the movie, we had built a Doomsday Machine. And the truly scary thing is...it still exists.
5|23827|An instant classic!
5|7306|Pound for Pound, the funniest sports oriented movie and maybe one of the funniest ever.
1|3397|I really wanted to give an extra * for the bombing and battle scenes,but i just can't.that american flag sinking is not a metaphore for me it is just a terrible clichee.and ok,if you are a woman,the lead actors may be quite appealing,but hey,you can always use the tabloids for that.it is amazing what great actors can do for a buck (or a lot of bucks).I mean, Alec Baldwin should be ashamed for accepting such a trash.As for the dialogue:God help the German Army if there are more like you where you came from-says the British squadroom leader to Affleck's character.Jesus,what was the screenwriter thinking?!It is that kind of lame dialogue that can ruin everything in a movie.As for the story...At one time, I just wanted to scream:why dont you two just share the bimbo and get it over with!Love triangle my foot!Too bad for the actors,but I have to say that I always find something annoying about Ben Affleck, no matter what he does.
5|8753|If your significant other wants to watch a romantic comedy then by all means watch 50 First Dates. The story is interesting, funny and some what thought provoking. The cast is great as is the writing great date flick.
5|12344|And, thus, my streak of picking superb movies to see at the theatre continues. Fantastic Four, The Incredibles, Shrek 2, Sky Captain and the World of Tommorow, Spider-Man 2, Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith and now Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit! Based on the three very amusing (especially "The Wrong Trousers") shorts from Aardman Animation, this british-originated claymation feature hits all the right notes. As many others have said, Gromit steals the show--without saying a word. His expressions say it all. The plot is quite humorous, and although menacing, not excessivly dark. The sense of humor that the movie has is great with awesome puns, great sight gags, some moments that nearly break the fourth wall, and even some mild double entendres. The animation is good, and some of the character designs are exteremely appealing. Overall, this was a throughly enjoyable film! 
5|14735|Only a few words describe this wonderful, wonderful movie. Women rule! When I left this movie, I felt like I could do anything despite what people throw in my path.
5|1011|this movie was the best of all the die hards..an amazin trilogy it has been..hopefully they make the fourth one..bruce willis is amazin...all the explosions in this movie were truly amazin..the dialogue was good even tho most of it was only abuses..this movie proves one thing..BRUCE WILLIS IS THE GOD OF ACTION MOVIES
5|2518|This movie surprised me -- it was actually very good. I didn't think I'd enjoy a western, but this one had me captivated. There was not only the usual beautiful scenery and gunfights, but there was also some wonderful cowboy humor that had me cracking up the whole time.
5|20490|Disney did it again. Anyone who liked the first Fantasia will love the second. It is an excellent mix of old and new and some great jazz added in. You really get into the storylines with the music. You feel for the whales and wish you could fly with them. You want to hug the little girl and tie up her terrible mother. My personal favorite- the flamingos. I have to say, and many people have agreed with me on this point, it's all about the flamingos!
5|21956|This is one of the zaniest film ever made. What makes it so special is that it isn't played goofy, ever joke is played straight faced and with confidence. The characters are brash and convincing and most of them are as lovable as can be.
5|5277|I've always loved this movie. When I was a kid it would play once a year on channel 10. It was the only night we were allowed to eat in the living room.
5|20484|This is a great movie. this one is better than the first. This is the update of the first Fantasia. I found a lot of the segments interesting. like The carnival of the animals. There was only one returning segment.
1|7683|I hated this movie. Thats right. I HATED it. Austin Powers is the most annoying person I've ever met. There is no humor is this trash at all- and some of you said that Maury was garbage! If Maury is trash, what the hell is this stuff?!
5|8747|Without a doubt American Pie is the best comedy of the '90's. It brought back that '80's sense of humor like in Porky's. I loved it.
5|9459|excellent it was so funny especially catherine zeta-jones
5|14721|An overall enjoyable movie. The wise cracks were great. But wardrobe was a bit over the top. I could really feel for the victims in the movie.
5|1005|I loved this movie! The action is great, and i like how Bruce Willis gets his butt kicked throughout the movie (unlike other i-can-kick-high-so-bullets-can't-hurt-me action movies.) Alan Rickman plays a great villain. Even though the movie is totally dated now, it's still fun brain candy!
5|1763|Memento is a great movie. the best i have seen this year. This movie is about a man who tries to solve his wife's murder. due to the killing, he has lost his short term memory, so he must write notes on the case. The story is told backwards, so we the viewers feel like we have no shortterm memory. we know what is happening now on the screen, but do not know how he got there. I don't want to give anything away, but guy pierce is great, as is carrie ann moss and joe palmention (?). it is truly an original movie, and i urge people to go and see it.
5|23833|This would have to be my favourate Star Trek TNG movies. The music, especially when Picard was entering into the nexus was beautiful, and I would love to go into this nexus where all my desires were fulfilled! That movie reminded me of Heaven (the nexus) a bit. Plus the story line was good. The meeting between Picard and Kirk was interesting. At least Kirk could defeat Soren which was good!
5|12436|AWESOME MOVIE...really interesting
5|8021|I am a fan of Bill Murry. He makes movies that would suck without him. Strips was a funny movie. My favorite scene was when the squirl was at gradutaion.
5|19563|Very good movie made almost perfect by the use of the disembodied and very distinctive voice of actor Ted Levine as Rusty Nail. (Uncredited) Great casting.
5|5505|The master movie from the master himself - Sir Alfred. Being a lifelong movie buff, I can honestly say that no movie has caught me so off guard by its sheer jolt power. Just when you think the movie is taking you in one direction - it does a complete 180 - and does it several times. Psycho is the holy grail of all suspense/horror/thriller films. The portayal of Norman Bates by Anthony Perkins is incredible - once you see it, it's totally inconceivable that anyone else could possibly played the role. Not only my favorite horror movie, but my favorite movie of all time. If Hitchcock was Van Gogh...Psycho would be his Starry Night.
5|13700|My favorite. Excellent message. Teaches about the power of knowledge and individualism.
5|9317|Let's see, original characters, disney characters, warner bros. characters... Funny plot! Not your typical kiddie movie... It was Great!
5|6024| Practically perfect in every way. Casting, screenplay, black and white, totally quirky. Let's face it, when you get as many LEADING ACTORS in one film (and they're all at their peak), it's gotta be off the chart! 
1|21523|I hated Stars Wars, Revenge od the Sith. I thought is was soooo stupid. I don't see why it was such a big deal to be released. I am so glad that this was the last one & I won't ever have to hear about Stars Wars after this.
5|1993|Despite the sometimes slow-moving pace of the film, I really thought that this was one hell of a thriller. It was not really scary, just very suspenseful and thrilling. I thought that the musical score was perfect for the film, and just made it all the more suspenseful. Yes, some parts in the middle dragged on, but in the end, it was well worth the wait. It became predictable in the last 45 minutes of the film, but I never expected quite the ending that this film provided. I have never watched a scene in recent times quite like the love scene when Pfeiffer's character discovers that her husband (Ford) was cheating on her with a student. Fine acting jobs by both Michelle Pfeiffer and Harrison Ford, espescially Ford, who truly showed his range as an actor, playing a vey different role than the good guy roles that he is accustomed to. He truly showed darkness both through his facial expressions and words at the end of the movie- his character just turned stone cold at the end: no emotion. This film had it all: suspense, a great plot, great acting, a great musical score and an eerie feeling that reminded me so much of Psycho . I'd reccomend it to anyone who is looking for a film that even remotely resembles the work of Hitchcock.
5|11117|I thought that this was one of the funniest movies I've seen in a while. Most of my friends didn't like it. But, I guess it was because I like Jim Carrey. It kept me laughing the whole time I was watching.
1|15686|This movie is terrible in my opinion. What a waste of good actors. I tried to sit through it twice. Unfortunately, the first time I was on an airplane, and there was no escape!! (Shades of Clockwork Orange? ha ha)
5|2242|Great movie! Good storyline, ended happy, not too violent, great music and funny. It had all the best elements put together.
5|4155|I watched it not that long ago and it seemed like there were a lot of weird scenes. Sometimes it is a little scary, like when Willy Wonka takes them through that dark tunnel and all these werid things are flashing by. There was even a quick shot of a chicken stuggling. It is pretty weird when you watch it now. You don't notice those things when you are a kid.
5|15417|Save the Last Dance is one of the few movies that I would pay to see more than once! It was entertaining and a tear-jerker. Sean Patrick Thomas is a cutie and is definitely an up-and-coming actor!!!!! 
5|13066|I think this was a classic movie. It was the grandaddy(to avoid pun) of gangster movies, and portrays some important historical and cultural points. It was really great, and there were some great Pacino parts.
5|9471|This movie is so classic. John Cusack is great in it and his staff at the record store is really funny. It is a great slice of life, movie!
1|21245|Silly B-movie.
5|13072|A powerful movie about both the horrors of the Holocaust and the ability of one man - any person, really, which is part of the point - to do something relatively simple to change the world. Very haunting and very moving.
5|6756|Always thought this was one of the best of the classic scary movies for its sheer monstrosity and scale of destruction. And the people who made it originally in '54 were only 11 years past being nuked! They knew something about monstrous terror and this film was an apt metaphor of dealing with the forces of nature unleashed.
5|1039|Every single one is great!
5|18127|An absolute horror classic! One of the best endings for a movie. So devastating when Ben dies!! Aargh!!!
5|2530|The greatest movie ever made, there is not a singe flaw at any point,there needs to more movies like this
5|4141|Gene Wilder was GREAT in this movie. The actors were great.
1|23320|I'd have been happier if they stayed away from my home.
5|18899|Damn this movie is scary i can't even watch it alone during the daytime. It should definetely be at the top of the list. But the fact the house only haunted that one particular family is a little shady.
5|2256|Tom Cruise is so hot so is the movie!
5|9303|Funny movie! and it had a lot of our favorite cartoon characters. It was a very funny and original movie, I was surprised the first time i saw it. Even though there are some adult innuendos and stuff like that in there, thats okay cause its fun for adults and kids to enjoy together. If i could watch again i would
1|10932|People, this movie sucked and still does. Nothing will compare to the equally bad original. This one is the exact same tale from the original, only in New York. Uninspired and lame.
5|13714|An inspiring movie that makes you think about taking advantage of every moment of life.
5|15365|This movie will blow your mind. It will scare the living crap out of you and there is some dark mystery to some of the dialogue that you may not catch the first time; it will surprise you. David Lynch is a genius and Dennis Hopper will freak you out! It's an experience!
5|13064|An epic tale of family, revenge, and leadership. This movie has become a part of American Culture, and fairly or not, has done more to shape the popular perception of the Mafia then the Mafia has themeselves. Highly recommended.
1|20159|...And I still don't care... Die already...
1|2909|Slow. Not exciting at all. Some okay parts but the acting was not very good and there was never an exciting climax.
5|15415|This movie was the best! Julia Stiles and Sean Patrick Thomas are great together! For anyone who hasn't seen it, i urge u 2 go and see it! its da bomb,, especially if youre into the tear-jerker-hip-hop-love-gangsta-type movie lol!
5|6998|A movie that you can watch over and over again and never get bored. You just can't help but be drawn in by Ferris's unique charm. He's the guy that we all want to be. I thought that Matthew Broderick played the role perfectly, and what a hilarious performance by Jeffrey Jones. I never get bored watching this movie, and if I ever see it on when I'm just browsing the channels, I'll watch it despite the countless times I've seen it before. The movie's blatant sarcasm is what I like best about it.
1|23450|THIS MOVIE WAS NOT SCARRY AT ALL,IT WAS BORING. AND IT SUCKED,A LOT OF MY FRIENDS TOLD THAT WAS A SCARRY MOVIE.[NOT TRUE]IM GIVING THIS ONE STAR.
1|12855|Is this a joke? Why would I watch this crap for $10 when I can stay at home and see it for free on MTV or Fox. Whoever came up with this idea is an idiot.
5|2526|I think this movie is one of the best movies made. It has great action and wonderful twists within the plot.
5|18657|More like hysterically funny...
5|2240|Top Gun was the best fighter movie ever made. The soundtrack to it makes you get an adrenaline rush. The fighter pilots make you feel like you are in the sky.
1|17093|Very boring movie filled with a bunch of nudity and sex. I fell asleep. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. Good cast, boring movie.
5|7338|I watch this every time it's on TV! It's so funny, the actors are great, and it has some of the funniest jokes ever. I love Milton, who always mumbles about his stapler, and eventually burns down the building!
5|6026|I worship this movie. I worship Stanley Kubrick, the great artist who made this masterpiece. I worship the sense of ridiculous, cold irony that permeates every second of it. I worship George C. Scott as Buck Turgidson, who is the single funniest person in the film. And everything else in this film, I worship as well. A seriously funny movie. Hysterical, but with a deep, dark, cynical message. A satire for the ages. One of the greatest films ever made.
5|1749|This movie was so cool! I didn't really catch onto what was happening untnil like the middle, but then i saw it again, and I got it! I like how it's very different and that the character is....it's really just a movie you have to see.
5|13716|One of the best movies of all time
5|6032|One of the most surreally funny movies ever made. This film was also a well-done jab at extreme right wing hawks and mindless warmongers. As far as I'm concerned the sentiment of the entire movie could not have been summed up better than it was in the scene in which Slim Pickens zealously rides the bomb to his death - Yeeeehawwww! . Considering it was released in 1964, none of us need wonder why it became one of the most popular cult movies of all time.
5|17570|Please watch this movie. Visually stunning, Kurosawa's movies have inspired some our most popular directors. PLUS Martin Scorsese has a cameo as Vincent Van Gogh!
5|2254|Good fighting scenes. Acion and drama intertwined together well. Great actors.
5|18643|This movie exceeded my expectations. It keeps you thinking and trying to solve the mystery until the end and what and ending! Really exeptional in every aspect; acting, story (in both originality and character development), and location.
5|4625|Alice In Wonderland is a masterpiece of an animated feature. It is extremly well-done and tasteful. There are some very great voice, and Walt had his mind on the right things at the right time.
5|16108|This character driven drama gives insight into the inner working of Wall Street. It shows how, in an attempt to be successful, if you're not careful you can sellout your values for money. Thus, leaving you rich and successful, but empty. This movie illustrates the indifference of the capitalist system, how it can chew people up and ruin their lives because of the intense competition.
5|4143|This is one of the best classical movies of all time. The movie also has excellent morals for children of all ages, and Gene Wilder with his remarkable performance tops it all off.
5|11667|Hysterical!!! So cute! LOVED IT.
5|18125|Like I said with the evil dead every one in the seris is the sh@t. 
5|9467|John Cusack is amazing in this film. He has matured as an actor and I believe this is his best film. Great fictional film that tells non-fictional things about girls and experiences that happen in reality.
5|8779|Almost as great as This is Spinal Tap and Waiting for Guffman.
5|15401|This movie is the best ive seen in a long time! I know the point of the movie really means a lot to a lot of people and i am one of those people! The music is awsome, and the guys are BANGIN!!!!! if you havent seen this movie yet you dont know what your missing!
5|3604|great performance by Bullock, it showed once again her versatile talent
1|24303|Well, plot has never exactly been a strength with this series. The special effects were decent, but the plot was totally ludicrous, and the acting was bad, too. There's 2 sequences you can laugh at though. One is on the plane there, where Sam Neill dreams that a raptor is talking to him. A second is when they find the cellphone in a huge pile of dinosaur turds, and suddenly a ceratosaur runs up and JUST looks at them before ambling off. Otherwise, it's awful.
5|16120|Beautiful. I love the scene in the airplane. The soundtrack is wonderful.
1|9860|Possibly the lamest, most low-brow piece of crap to ever hit the silver screen. Just a bunch of crap sex jokes and stupid parodies that a monkey could have thought of. Actually, no, I take that back. That comment is insulting to monkey's. Just another typical teen-style crude-fest. Avoid if you have a brain.
5|5275|A wonderful cast, great story, great songs, everything is AAAA++++. This show will live forever.
5|20492|An amazing movie. There wasn't a single part I didn't enjoy. The firebird suite was the best. A great date movie.
5|14737|I love Julia Roberts. It is a great story as well. Even her swearing didn't bother me. It was an interesting story in comparison to her prior films.
5|13058|The only movie that you can watch over and over and not get tired of it. Every time I watch I see something new. Simply the best.
5|12346|Seldom do I get so much pure viewing pleasure from a film in the cinema as I did while watching 'The Curse of the Were-Rabbit'. For those of you unfamiliar with Wallace and Gromit, they are the loveable clay motion creations of Nick Park: Wallace, a slightly gormless, unfailingly polite bachelor inventor, and his long-suffering intellectual canine partner, Gromit. Their relationship is like that of an old married couple, and the adventures in which they get entangled are utterly incongruous with their domestic natures. In this film, they are running a humane pest control service and find themselves dealing with a beast, an enormous mutant were-rabbit, who is endangering the prize vegetables grown by the local villagers to exhibit at the annual fair. The film is unapologetically silly and deviously clever, paying homage to King Kong, Jaws, and a whole rake of early horror flicks, revelling in the hackneyed characters that populate such films - the superstitious village yokels, the semi-crazed preacher, etc. It would have been easy for the filmmaker to drop in these references in a heavy-handed fashion, sticking out as anomalies from the flow of the story, as was the case in places with Shrek, but Park's touch is so deft and natural that they add entertainment value for adults and children alike, albeit for different reasons. There is also a love interest, although, don't expect to have your emotions wrenched. Other than that, I am giving nothing away, as there is a twist in the tale which you may not see coming. Just watch it. 
5|15429|I loved this movie! I saw it on Saturday night TWICE in a row. Not my choice...but still.I reallu enjoyed it!!
5|7304|An all-time classic.
5|23825|One of my all-time favorites, and like comedian said, not for everyone. I've seen this movie placed in every category from drama to comedy to cult to SF, and even within SF, the experts are hard-pressed to classify it any further. This is one of the darkest of dark comedies, and it makes very many insightful comments on modern society along the way. The proliferation of modern media and the piles of paperwork are especially lambasted here. The setting is a fascinating kind of mixture of every decade of the 20th century, all thoroughly scrambled into one. The tale is reminiscent of 1984 and other classic dystopias, and the dream sequences are as vivid as anything from Alice in Wonderland. And there are all sorts of little touches throughout the movie that viewers can catch the second, third, etc time around. Probably the very best way to experience Brazil is Criterion's 3-DVD set which includes tons of extras and two different versions of the movie! One is a much more complete 142-minute edition for the fans, complete with ambiguous ending. The other is a shorter Love Conquers All version with a happier ending! 
5|12420|This movie was awesome. The story was so interesting because of the historical aspects and the acting was really good...plus it had a lot of humor. It was clever and intense, and I'd watch it again in a heartbeat.
1|3395|OVERRATED.
5|9329|Jessica Rabbit is hot.
5|589|My all time favoite suspense movie! Kevin Spacey is superb as Verbal Kint, a character you will never forget. And of course you can't ignore the Oscar caliber performance of Gabriel Byrne as Dean Keaton. The ending is one that can never be forgotten even by the most jaded of movie critics. A MUST SEE!
5|17558|Isabel Adjani is not only one of the most beautiful actresses ever, but she also is a remarkably fine actress as well. Camille Claudel really shows off her talent which made her the #1 actress in France. Also, don't miss her in her breathtaking performance in One Deadly Summer: you'll never forget her beauty or her acting!!!
5|10237|This movie was a very fun movie. I think the storyline was very cute, it kind of made you think of what/who you really want to be in life, or what path you want to take.
5|5513|Hitchcock knew how to scare you without stabbing three quarters of the cast to death. He knew how to build suspense and make it pay off. Things he did in this movie have been copied so many times, it's not even funny.
5|11129|For what it was it was great. It was a raw, raunchy comedy for hardcore comedy fans and also teenage boys. Carrey turns in another great performance and Rene Zelweger was gorgeous. Funny movie with your friends.
5|3162|Great movie. Loved the directing. Very good performances by Busta Rhymes, Ray Liotta, Jason Patrick, and Chi McBride. The film is about Jason Patrick character, who is on leave because he shoots a pregnant woman on accident. He is actually called in to investigate the murder of a cop. Ray Liotta works side by side with him to get clues and monitor the investigation. A movie that works on so many levels.
5|19575|I watched that and I almost peaed my pants.
5|10223|Very entertaining. The sound track carried the movie. The characters were believable and fun to watch. What everyone who has never been to New York hopes it is really like. John Goodman as the father was a great addition.
5|5507|Excellent movie. The only time it falters is the overly long explanation scene at the end with the psychiatrist. Anthony Perkins is suitably creepy as Norman Bates. There are several outstanding scenes including those with Mother, the parlor scene with Marion and Norman, Lila looking for Mother, etc. Janet Leigh is sexy and very sympathetic. I remember seeing Psycho for the first time on TV when I was about 13. I was totally shocked when the movie takes a complete u-turn. I had no idea what was in store, so I was stunned. Nowadays, the whole plot is given away by reviewers and descriptions on dvd or video cases. This is a shame - It has much more of an impact if you don't know anything about the plot. The acting, editing, writing, directing and cinematography are all first-rate. However, the music score by Bernard Herrmann deserves a special mention. This odd score with shrieking violins drives the film and keeps the viewer interested. It also provides an ominous tension throughout the film. One of the most memorable films ever and the best by Hitchcock!
5|4619|This little girl is a great actor. She is so cute. She has magic powers that help her get out of her bad home and school life. She has a positive attitude through all the bad situations she was born into. It is very cute. It is a great movie for little kids to see.
5|8023|I was in that company.
5|24186|Armageddon is a typical Jerry Bruckheimer film. This movie has action and great special effects. Best judgement day kind of movie.
5|14045|If you enjoyed this movie, then you ought to read MOZART byWolfgang Hildesheimer. Mozart was a very twisted, perverted genius.
5|1761|A diffirent movie but worth while to see.
1|17905|not scary, all around it wasnt good
5|14723|Not your typical Julia Roberts movie, but it's great! See a different side to her and be prepared to cheer her on, as always.
5|1007|Along with Lethal Weapon, Die Hard easily makes my list of the top action films of the lasy 20 years. It's your typical shoot em' up flick with Willis playing the macho cop John McClane, who must face off terrorists in an office building 3,000 miles out of his jurisdiction. Solid performances by Willis and Reginald Veljohnson are the film's high points, but the biggest props have to go to Alan Rickman, a relatively unknown actor who played the role of Hans Gruber very convincingly. Overall, Die Hard is the film to watch if you're looking for some good action mixed with a little bit of comedy.
5|6768|The absurdly riotious group known collectively as Monty Python in their first (and what most agree is their best) film, the 1975 release. "Monty Python and the Holy Grail," Certainly the team's most well known , financially successful, and oft quoted venture, "The Holy Grail" was shot on a shoestring budget, over a period of about forty days with cast and crew braving the often brutally cold, rainy and inhospitable Scottish weather. Consisting of a string of skits woven together around a concept tracing a band of noble crusaders enlisted by King Arthur of Britain with direct orders from the almighty to find the the cup used by Jesus at the last supper. (I'm not sure why the big guy, being all knowing, couldn't find it for himself.) Graham Chapman plays the role of Arthur, ably assisted by Terry Gilliam as his coconut clapping knave, Patsy. Each of the Pythons appear in multiple roles with Terry Jones playing Sir Bedevere, John Cleese as Sir Lancelot ("the Brave"), Michael Palin as Sir Galahad ("the Pure"), and Eric Idle as Sir. Robin ("the not-so-brave-as Sir Lancelot") Their adventures, both alone and collectively, allowed for a far larger audience exposure to the group and paved the way to international superstardom for the unit. Each became successful in his own right with Idle making the largest impact via, "All You Need is Cash" a film featuring the legendary make believe English pop group The Rutles in a hilarious spoof of The Beatles (with the blessing of cameo playing George Harrison who became a great friend of Idle's and with who's money later Python projects including 'The Life of Brian" and others were made) for American television in 1978. Idle has appeared in a great number of successful projects and currently has found a new audience with his own traveling comedy revue. Cleese scored with his British television series 'Falty Towers', the film "A Fish Called Wanda", as well as becoming a successful pitch man who may be seen hawking a variety of products in American television commercials. Chapman died of cancer in October of 1989. Terry Jones continues to write, act in direct occasionally. Terry Gilliam directs movies, and Michael Palin currently treks across the globe, climbing the highest of mountains and sailing the deepest of seas. This film was the troupe's high water mark and continues to get them mistaken for each other by wide mouthed passer's by to this very day.
5|8745|I never laughed at a movie more than at American Pie.
5|22291|When I was a kid in the 60s, dinosaurs rocked my world. Alas, any movie depiction of dinos back then were so cheesy that even I as an 8-year-old thought to myself, LAMOSAURUS. I read Crichton's book before there was any talk of a film adaptation and liked it. I saw they film when it first debuted and was thoroughly impressed, no, amazed at the Dinosaurs. They were the star of the movie. The Tyrannosaurus that ate the selfish lawyer while he sat on the crapper should have won best actor award. Best supporting actor should have went to the Dilophosaurus that did Newman in (I bet Seinfeld wishes he was a Dilophosaurus). The human cast was OK. Laura Dern looked particularly great in shorts. Spielberg did a magnificaent adaptation and for a couple of hours, convinced me that dinosaurs were alive. Sequels are worth seeing but don't match up to JP. 
1|9874|One of the dirtiest movies of the summer. It is a movie that one can not enjoy with a family. People think that American Pie was bad, it is nothing compared to this. I had to literally leave the movie because it was so bad.
5|21940|Ha! I am laughing just thinking about the movie. I like it because I can watch it with my kids and we all laugh (unlike a lot of other crappy kids movies I can't stand to watch). It's not dirty in any way, and there is some fighting, but it isn't bloody, and the good guys win in the end!
1|7859|Could that movie have been just a little longer? I wasn't bored quite long enough.
5|5261|This is one of those classical movies that unfortunately will never die. For a film of its time (1939) The Wizard of Oz boasts magnificent scenery, costumes, script, colourful characters and memorable songs. Its one of the most popular holiday films and like it or not for people to remember it for many generations after its original release date are already speaking volumes of how popular this film truly is.
5|11883|This movie is hilarious. I love the outbursts by Robin Williams. Bastard son of Barney. You illegenament Telli-Tubbey.
5|18119|That is so wonderful!!!!!
5|210|Finally a movie that at least somewhat explains why the Scot's, and the Irish resent the British rule so much.Great battle scenes! Lot's of blood and gore, an awesome plot, and storyline.One of the few movies that can combine a love story, historical millitary fiction, and massive amounts of violence and not come off cheesey.
5|21773|Of all the LOTR movies, I wouold have to say this one is my favorite. If I can sit through this movies 5 times and not get tired of it, you know I must love it. And it's not just because of Orlando's eye shot closeup in Fangorn Forest. Although that did keep me on the edge of my seat for about 5 minutes afterwards.( That was when I was obsessed with him, which I'm not anymore by the way) This one definetly has the best battle scene. The batle at Helms Deep is amazingly crafted. It took them a long time to build that set. I think they said about 7 months. And then it gets destroyed! Talk about hard work gone before your eyes! But it's all worth it. My favorite 2 lines from the battle scene. 1st, from Legolas talking to Gimli when he can't see. GimliWhat's happening? LegolasShall I describe it to you, or would you like me to find you a box?. My second favorite, again from Gimli and Legolas. When their fighting the Orcs and such, Gimli Leoglas! Two already! Leoglas I'm on 17! Gimli Argh! I'll have no pointy ear outscoring me! Legolas19! It's hilarious! Ya, I know, I'm a die-hard fan!
5|14910|In my opinion, an excellent movie. A great story. Very moving, very emotional. Jason Isaacs made the movie as great as it was for me. The other characters were good, too. Maybe not historically perfect, but still made me think about this country and how we became free. I simply loved this movie.
1|11347|Britany Murphy is one of the worst actresses on the planet. I won't tell you how I really feel about her. This movie was a predictable load of crap. I like Dakota Fanning, but her character was such a obnoxious bratty little twit. One could predict the next line, the next scene and how it was going to end. Don't waste your time or money on the DVD either.
5|6783|Some of th funniest moments ever caught on film. From the opening credits (changing several times) to the final arrest, you learn to expect the unexpected. Even after all these years it is a pleasure to watch. Each scene is a sketch into itself and put together makes one funny movie.
5|13919|A must see
5|576|Great script, great cast, great production. This is the movie I never hesistate to recommend to people. Oscars for Best Original Screenplay and for Kevin Spacey for Best Supporting Actor, were well-deserved. See it!
5|18858|Admittedly, it has its funny parts, but I think that doesn't make it a worse film. On the contrary, the comic scenes make the effect of the horror ones even stronger. The scenes in Scotland are pretty scary. And even now, more than 10 years after I first watched the film, I can't walk down the stairs to Tottenham Court Road tube station in London (where they shot part of the film I believe) without involuntarily looking behind me, and feeling kind of tense. Very good film
5|562|The Usual Suspects like Fight Club is one of those movies that you can't digest once. You have to watch it again in order to catch references that may have been previously overlooked. A well written almost flawless script based on a simple setting of a band of criminals who meet after a police line up furthering their career to a successful heist catching the attention of Kyzer Soze. Using flashbacks, cross-cutting and Kevin Spacey's clear and intricate narration we see the ending of this film and why it makes it one of the most engaging, skillful and intelligent movies in cinematic history.
5|18680|I think the scariest part of the movie is knowing that this is based on a true story. I was freaked out since the first sceen begain. I had no idea what i was in for. Awsome, Awsome movie and i am excited to see the remake when it comes out. That will be cool seeing them try to do the same thing as the original.
5|2297|A real dramatic war movie which chronicles the life of a vietnamese journalist as he escapes the Viet Cong. The scene when he is in the river with the skeletons of the massacre victims is my favorite most suspenseful scene in the whole movie.
1|15653|Capricious use of Shakespeare.
5|23616|This is probably one of the most unappreciated films of the 1990s. While the movie does lack action, the suspense is there to draw the viewer into a mysterious setting. The special effects still show how models can be used to create visual works of art in films.
5|22508|Blade Runner is an awe inspiring post-modern materpiece. It creates a bleak future composed of the bureaucratic elite and the middled sleazy subterranean underworld (that looks a lot like Hong Kong) where a detective is assigned on search and destroy missions to eliminate replicas, or artificial humans disiguised for slave labor. The punch that Blade Runner packs is on account of its sensitivity to real concerns in contemporary society, and modern thought. After a while the detective (played by Harrison Ford) has touble discriminating between the replicas and the real people, dilema that seems far too real in a time when great thinkers are proposing that it will only be a matter of time before machines have consciousness.
5|1946|A classic. What could be scarier than being pursued in the wilderness by a group of bloodthirsty, rapist rednecks? The soundtrack of this movie had such a profound effect on me that every time I see a confederate flag, one of those long in the back / short on the side haircuts, or other symbols of a redneck, I hear Dueling Banjos in my mind... Squeal like a piggy, boy - now that is terror.
5|7489|Great movie. Marissa Tomei and Joe Pesci did a great job and Fred Gwynne was a good choice for the judge. Good paradoy of the city slickers in a small southern town, without exploting, insulting stereotypes of the South. 
5|6797|The funniest movie of all time. An undisputed heavyweight in the world of comedy. Slapstick galore. Full or random and hilarious events. Even the opening credits are funny! I won't even begin to list the funny parts to this movie, as there are way too many. Just trust me. You will do yourself a huge favor if you rent this movie. Buying it would not hurt either!
5|204|This movie alsolutely rules! Awesome music, emotion, battle scenes, etc. It's also loosely based on history. There is a 300-foot statue of William Wallece in Scotland. I'm not a big Mel Gibson fan, but he does a great job in this movie.
1|9653|they weren't kidding 
5|21767|The Best of the LOTR Trilogy. It was the most exciting and didn't feel too long like the others. Plus the battle scenes were an absolute joy to watch!
1|3430|I can't explain how desperately I wanted to walk out on the movie. It might've been better if they'd had a script of some sort. And the ending was so disgusting and laughable. I felt like hurting someone after sitting through this nauseating melodramatic garbage.
5|12385|I really loved this movie. I thought it was really funny and even though it was a kids animated movie it kept my attention throughout. The characters were all very interesting and the penguines were hillarious.
5|23158|Classic.
1|16414|I would say it was good... but it wasn't.
1|12672|Yet, another lousy overrated remake.
5|11854|A very funny movie to see.
5|20451|The Great Barrier Reef is the most beautiful reef in the world.
1|8203|Here's another crude terror from the evil brothers named Farrelly. Sadly, this started the slide of sewage that are teen comedies now-a-days and it only has one purpose: to gross-out. Let's just say, aside from the fact it has constant profanity, I cannot site examples as to why it is so bad except to say they are extremely sexually suggestive.
5|21029|the meaning of the wall is that we r all in this confusion together and that killing yourself is not the way out and all people go through the same emotions and high times and low times
1|12114|I Hate The Movie
5|4816|I've discovered one thing about this movie for certain: people either really hate it or really love it. I'm one of those people that really love it. It's a hilarious movie, it has a pretty much good plot (even if it is a little off-the-wall; ok, make that a LOT off-the-wall) and all the people who do the voices are wonderful at them. I can think of nothing to complain about...ummm...Kuzco needs a love interest. But that's it and that's stretching. I recommend it to both adults and kids; that's right ADULTS and kids. In fact the adults would probably find it funnier.
5|22520|The legendary warrior Conan (Schwarzenegger) begins his epic quest when Conans mother was killed in front of him by Thulsa Doom, then he is sold for slavery. He gets very huge and angry as he pushes the wheel of pain, at this point he is pissed off at CRUM his god. he finally gets released into the wild (bad idea) as he takes over the land and seeks revenge of the death of his mother, and to have his own kingdom with sex slaves. he gets laid quite a few times along the journey and he only eats meat!!! He meets up with Valeria who is also a great warrior but i'd like to think that he just kept her around for a peice of ass. He kills a horny witch along the way (erotic), gets crucified, sneaks into a chamber and kills all the guard and servants, and finally he meets up with Thulsa Doom (James Earl Jones, Darth Vader) and chops off his head in front of all his people then throws it off the altar. Conan finally avenges the death of his mother and his people. He then goes on to rule his own kingdom but thats another story.....5 stars... go rent at blockbuster or hollywood before Conan whacks your head off too.
1|10703|This is one of the most embarassingly dumb movies I'd seen in a long time. And I even like Adam Sandler!
5|13925|Great performances by high profile actors. Tom Cruise was fabulous as a lawyer, not to mention attractive. Fabulous, intracite plot that I could follow.
5|14086|Eventhough I'm a 'chick', I liked it very much.
1|11409|I can only comment on the part I actually saw, the first 15-20 minutes! Anyone who raised kids like this needs to be shot!
5|15398|i loved this movie it ruled and it was also sad ,funny,and action it was just perfect
5|13931|DEMI MOORE IN UNIFORM (SIGH) I THINK I'LL GO AND HAVE A LIE DOWN
1|3342|It could've been good, but ended up being a piece of crap.
1|8217|There's nothing worth a damn about Mary.
1|7124|This movie had one funny scene. I thought this war REALLY overrated.
5|16849|Wow! Fantastic! Matt Damon, Henry Thomas and Lucas Black - acting; Marty Stuart for the music; and especially Billy Bob Thornton for his direction - should all be the Academy Award winners for this awe-inspiring tale.
5|21983|My favorite film of all time. Rob Reiner shows his genius in this fantasy film about a poor farmboy named Wesley who falls in love with a girl named Buttercup. The story is filled with love, romance, comedy, action and suspense. I feel it is something that can appeal to all audiences. In addition it supports a huge Hollywood cast, including Cary Elwes, Robin Wright Penn, Mandy Patinkin, Andre the Giant, and cameos by Billy Crystal and Carol Kane. This is one of the greatest films ever made in my opinion.
5|238|I thought the movie was hella good. I was skeptical at first, but then was intrigued by all the battle scenes, and the fact that Mel Gibson just wreaks revenge on everyone.
1|12666|Paris Hilton in the movie? That's pathetic! Those who have seen the movie and loved it should be ashamed of yourselves. Hollywood brought into a new low BIG TIME!
5|11698|I just seen this movie for the first time last night and... WOOHOO!!! I am very glad they made the last installment of American Pie as funny as the original. When Stifler (Scott) has to eat that dog sh*t, I just about pissed in my pants.
5|12391|Great fun--clever and well drawn! I'm almost 50, saw it WITHOUT kids, and loved it! Waiting for the sequwl... 
5|22252|Very cool. The terminaor had a great story and very good action. I`ll be back
1|10071|It wasn't that funny or interesting.
1|16400|I can't say it any better than Shroowoman, read the book. I read the book, and the film is totally inaccurate. First off, it is not a gun company that was sued in the book, it was a tobacco company. In the film, only one juror is kicked off. In the book, three jurors are kicked off. After being approached about her abortion, Rikki Coleman attempts suicide in the film; they never even approach her in the book. And Rankin Fitch NEVER meets Nicholas Easter in the book. If wou want to see a good movie about a jury, see '12 Angry Men'. Trust me, it is tons better.
5|9498|Now I can see why to some this might be offensive, but I like South Park I think it's a clever and funny show and the movie was no exception. To make it better it was written as a musical and Parker and Stone went after Canada- sheer genius!(btw I do like Canada) I could not stop laughing at the Uncle(you know what) song. Clever, with lots of laughs but not for everyone.
5|6224|Directed by Arthur Penn, Bonnie And Clyde (1967) was considered a new wave film at the time of its release and is considered a landmark film due to its use of sympathetic anti-heroes. For the uninitiated, the movie revolves around the adventures of dysfunctional couple Clyde Barrow (Warren Beatty) and Bonnie Parker (Faye Dunaway) as they go on a crime spree. The supporting cast is impressive, including Michael J. Pollard, Gene Hackman, and Denver Pyle. Portrayed as modern day Robin Hoods, Bonnie and Clyde appealed to the late 1960's counter-culture, notwithstanding the criticism from conservative mainstream press and critics. The movie is still studied in film schools for its long-term social influence and camera angles, for instance the closing shot from the point of view of the bullet-ridden vehicle. The bottom line is that Bonnie And Clyde remains relevant today and has aged well, even for a classic movie.
5|22905|this is a film for all ages. I remember when i saw it, not to long ago, and still to this day it is an impressive movie. Spielberg really knows what he is doing when he puts his magic into a movie. This is a true classic. You really feel for the charectors during the movie.
5|13500|This is a great movie. To me, it's a classic about a group of young boys trying to make it in their town. This is one I will always love to watch.
5|9117|This movie was great, nuff said.
1|11838|Simply put, this one isn't true to the cartoon at all! Instead, it ignores the great cartoon that was its inspiration and relies on the crutch of cliches that make up the typical teen comedy movie. Let's see, that's profanity, disrespectful attitudes from the protagnoists and sex jokes. Believe me, watch the cartoon instead. It's even got a laugh track!
5|16478|The best interpretation I've seen of the Shakepearean tragedy. The actors make you feel emotionally connected. The lessons learned from this movie are clearly portrayed. A sad story that shows the emotions of forbidden love.
5|11317|One of the most hilarious movies of the 80's ! I have only had the chance to see it twice, but someday will take the time to rent it again, or maybe even buy it. It is well worth the money. I thought this movie was done in great taste, and Pee Wee seemed so naive and innocent thru out the whole Big Adventure. Like most other reviewers on this website, there are so many scenes and lines that could never be forgotten, they are so memorable. I always hoped there would be a part 2 to this particular movie, but I guess it is best to leave well enough alone in this case. Or maybe there were plans for a second one until Pee Wee had fun with the willy? Who knows? But I certainly don't think Pee Wee should be condemned for enjoying masturbation, as it is natural. But he could have kept it in the bedroom, that is for sure. And like the Bee said, he isn't the only one in Hollywood who does these kinds of things, but Pee Wee just didn't get away with it.
5|19993|One of the best horror flicks I've seen.Rob Zombie did an excellent job directing this.The Cinematography is ingenious.I do not recommend this for kids or the squeamish.The acting is top-notch and the casting is perfect.Karen Black returns to the screen as the Mother of a brood of psychopaths.Cherri Moon is both sexy and scary-talk about a "femme fatelle"! Yipes! Towards the end it gets very strange and almost surreal.
5|17766| Halloween represents the beginning of an era where a great story can be told for a minimum budget. I have no doubt -- this movie would never have been such a success without the signature soundtrack. Like Psycho , this movie demonstrates the synergy between sight and sound. (Mute your TV and watch the end of Psycho or Halloween. It is totally different.)
5|2724|Drew Barrymore's BEST film since E.T.!!!In this film,she was kinda like Charlie McGee as an adult!!!Especially the scene where she was riding a scooter with her hair flowing in the wind!!!She was a SEXY angel!!!The movie had a terrific storyline and plot,and I loved Bill Murray as Bosly!!
5|11471|Cute!
5|4355|This was a great film. It was funny and clever. the Donkey was my favorite. it had a lot of fairy tale characters all through the movie. Shrek was an Ogre but he was nice. the princess had secret, but i wont give it away. go and see this movie. it has a lot of surprises in it.
5|15617|I believe that titanic is one of the best movies I seen, it's very emotional
5|6542|This movie is great.
5|13266|The 15 minute journey into hell that was featured as the American forces stormed the beach at Normandy was perhaps the most riviting and horrifyingly true to life cinema that has ever been created. The audience is right in there amongst the carnage as bodies are being torn apart and young lives are lost in the most unnatural ways. I don't see any politics being played out here, just stark, naked reality. Although the actual occurrences of DDay outstripped these terrible scenes a thousandfold, from the accounts of surviving soldiers who were there, the film comes closer than any of it's predecessors. The story is secondary to the horrors lived out on screen and Spielberg outdoes himself as a director of visuals. The progression of this great director's career has been amazing. As his budgets rise, his films seem to grow exponentially.
5|9671|Jim Carrey at his finest. I could watch this movie at any time and still laugh hysterically.
5|7884|This is a great movie, absolutely hilarious, and if you are a musician (like me), you can relate to at least 1 of the mishaps this band encounters. Everyone involved did their homework in making this mockumentary. After this, I also recommend All You Need Is Cash, which profiles The Rutles (Beatles parody).
1|3815|No chemistry between the actors, confusing plot an ending that made no sense. I left wondering what the whole thing was about feeling like I was ripped off.
5|7648|great movie!! I love it when Beetlejuice knocks down the tree and says nice f---ing model!!! 
5|6556|This movie, staring Elizabeth Taylor and Paul Newman, was incredible. Derived from the play by Tennessee Williams. It was inspirational and filled me with a burning desire to live. Ps. it was Burl Ives who plays Big Daddy 
5|7890|This movie used to be great. Then, it was released on DVD, with commentary from the boys, as Spinal Tap, making them all reminisce of better times. Somehow, the movie was made better.
5|1239|This movie was so unique and fascinating. However, it was a case of you either loved it or hated it. The narrative storyline is so interesting and the characters are uniquely quirky. The dialogue sticks out as one of the most innovative things about the film. Just a great creative vision and well worth several watchings.
1|18808|If I could give this movie a minus rating, I would. This movie sucked so bad, I got my money back at the ticket booth! Don't waste your time on this one, or your money. ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE! They just don't make horror movies with any real horror in them nowadays. The last movie that actually made me pick my feet up off the floor in sheer terror was The Exorcist . Do yourself a favor, rent a classic, and hold your honey tight.
5|5739|A true classic, worthy of 5 stars. The scene where the gas starts flowing across the street builds up to a creepiness unknown in most horror films today. The cast is excellent and the story flows nicely.
5|22911|Close Encounters is one of Speilberg's greatest films. This is one of the films that really popularized the alien/government conspiracy phenomenon. These were bold, fresh ideas when this film came out. Even after multiple viewings this film is still compelling. It is exciting, funny, frightening, whimsical and exhilirating. The writing, acting, musical score and directing are all superb.
1|20429|why make a 2 when one wasn't that good .plot was bad a waste of time and money
5|15165|This movie rocked! Tom Cruise and Remee Zellweger are phenomenal, and the theme song, Secret Garden with the cleverly placed dialouge is awesome!
5|16444|I am all for movies that made from real life drama. In my opinion, I hope that it struck a nerve in the medical community. I don't know about you, but I get sick of being treated as an insurance claim when I walk through that emergency room.
1|24667|It's prob'ly been done, but hey - Ohhhh, the pain! The Pain! 
5|17982|The scariest movie of all time. Everything about it was scary!! The posessed girl's face still haunts me. The make-up job was superb.
5|953|Everyone should own a copy of this movie. I have seen Jaws 143 times, so far. The music is awesome. Love this movie, hate the beach.
5|5711|Best civil war movie ever made. there's no prettier southern belle than Vivian Leigh as Scarlett O'Hara.
5|18469|Scared the crap right out of me when I saw it the summer of 97.Totally ingenious! A movie filled with cheers and jeers of other horror movies. I was impressed.
5|14253|Tom hanks is great as a lawyer who has AIDS He hides it as long as he can until the symptoms become more obvious, when his lawfirm finds out they fire him. He hires a lawyer well played by Denzel Washington to defend him.Shows the prejudice and ignorance those have against people who have AIDS. Very well done movie. and a tear jerker at times.
5|6218|I can't say how enjoyable this movie was. Orson Welles appearance from the shadows is truly genius. The use of lighting in this B W film was the best I have ever seen.
5|22939|Clockwork Orange was the first British cast movie I'd seen and it was so crazy to me. If I was a kind of person that did drugs like LSD and acid and stuff, I'd watch it all the time. Every event that happens in it is wild, like when they broke into that old couple's home, and when the main guy reformed and went back to that same home to try to live there.
1|20401|crapdotcom would have been a title more fitting.
5|7106|Mel Brooks' funniest film! Gene Wilder and Madeline Kahn, thats really all you have to say as they are hillarious in this Western that takes a poke at racisim. Clevon Little is great as are all the villians.
5|9895|This movie was really funny because it hit off a lot of other movies and made fun of them.
5|22087|One of the best action movies ever made.
5|8553|The best romantic comedy in recent times. Meg Ryan looks so good and I still refer to Billy Crystal's claim that men and women can't be friends.
5|1211|Obviously one of the greatest, but definitly it won't appeal to all people. This is cleary a dialogue movie, meaning that most of the movie consists of just dialogue, whether in a car, at a house, or at a bar. But don't get the wrong impression from this. There is great action at the right times and there are a huge amount of famous actors/actresses in this film. Definitly not my favorite, but right up there.
5|23399|Very unique storyline, and the special effects with the aliens were spectacular. The ideas set forth in the movie were very creative.
5|2718|The punisher is one bad ass they way he kills all i can say he is a arts.
5|4369|one of my all time favorites 
5|20848|I really liked the night scene and the french twist of the film. Great dancing scenes as well. Liza Minelli is a good actress in this. 
5|16322|Saw this film today and it is incredible. A perfect portrayal of the Gospel and all that Jesus Christ suffered so that we can accept Him as Lord and go to heaven when we die. Well done, Mel Gibson!
5|19011|A good vampire movie.
5|3406|Great special effects. A sad movie when you know before the people in the film do that they are about the be bombed.
5|11459|this film was very funny! although it was descusting in parts wich made it that little bit funnier because everyone is like 'ewwwwww'! i rented this on dvd and im now tempted to buy it!
5|16336|I think Mel Gibson did a great job, for his first time directing. The camera angles were perfect. The language really fit in with the scenery. People think the movie is grusome, but that is how it really happened! They are just showing you what it was like for jesus, and if you didn't like it then thats your own fault. I perticuarly liked it!
5|19005|Underworld was the best movie. Second to Lord of the Rings. It was so awsome!
5|9881|It was soooooo funny and stupid at the same time!!! I loved it! So often I watch horror flicks and all the while thinking these people are stupid! When they should be running like crazy, they stick around to get killed but thats why its a movie and thats why I liked Scary Movie because they made fun of how horror films go. As far as everyone getting uptight about showing penises, c'mon they weren't real they were rubber or something. We see boobs and butts all the time and no one freaks out. Wayans Brothers Rule!
1|16819|Why should we care about this low life?
1|20373|I think this movie was very stupid. I think the writers got carried away. As if the 1st and second movie weren't bad enough they had to add a 3rd. Now is this movie really considered a horror or what? I'd call it a joke. It made me shake my head instead of grabbing my seat. How about the part of not needing a condom because it's all rubber baby. How dumb.
5|9659|This has got to be one of my all time favorite comedies. I purchased the move and have watched it countless times only to laught at the stupidity over and over.
5|1205|I admit, you have to be a little twisted to like this movie, but that's the shear JOY of it for fans that appreciate it...It's twistedness that is.
5|14521|Great movie! Tom Hanks did a fantastic job! Wilson was cool--- though silent. The plane crash was awesome. The island part was a good touch. It showed the harshness that can be encountered by a man that has very little survival skills. I liked the ending. The crossroads idea was great! Of the 4 choices, I believe that I would have followed the pick-up truck. This is definitely a 'must see' movie!
5|14247|No Oscar marterial, but an intriguing film with a few good lessons to be learned. Russell Crowe's characters' schizophrenia had sort of a double meaning...he saw the world diferently than others did. Sort of like I noticed that everyone seemed to have blue eyes, and everyone else thought I was insane...guess I'm the only one who noticed it. This was probably one of the best movies I've seen all year (up there with Life As A House ) and if the directors don't WAKE UP and start making a couple of REALLY good films, it may end up winning and deserving most of the awards. Overall, a pretty good Ron Howard job with outstanding acting by Russell Crowe Co. Take care, everyone!
5|13528|Entirely entertaining. Callmetootie is my nemesis.
1|11810|Boring boring boring! No plot, and not funny
5|7112|Mel Brooks at his best.
5|16450|I really like movies that are true or based on true stories. Patch Adams showed a man who was as low as can be and he pulled himself up and made it to med school. I love how he was with the patients, and I loved his attitude about patients and medicine.
1|24673|Very horrible movie! could've been better.
5|17996|I had nightmares for a whole week after watching this movie. If there is any part of you that believes in religion, evil, or the existence of other forms or spirits, this movie will be very entertaining. It's very realistic-no Freddy Krueger's or Jason's. It's more of a psychological thriller that questions your belief in whether evil can exist and effect us, and whether faith can save us.
5|947|From the distance of twenty-five years, it still holds up as one of the greats. Only minor caveat is Robert Shaw's hammy performance, which clearly shows he thought he was acting in a piece of crap. Otherwise everything, particularly the direction is brilliant. Spielberg's best movie, along with the television movie Duel. (Not ET, not Schindler's Laundry List)
5|7|Harrason Ford Played it great even when he was sick during the "suppose" fight sence with the sword guy he just didn't feel well that so he improvised it was great. I would have done the same thing
5|5705|Some people have some real nerve not to give this a five star rating. Yes, it's long. But, it's glorious in its length, scope, and feeling. Not the greatest film of all time, but probably the most famous. Vivien Leigh and Clark Gable in roles that defined their careers. Heart-rending final act, and many unforgettable scenes along the way (like the harrowing Civil War parts). One of the films everyone, EVERYONE, must see in their lifetime.
5|10021|I nearly peed my pants! It is so funny. Whoope Goldberg is a gem.
5|774|This movie truly does what a thriller movie should and ought to do and hasn't been doing since the days of Alfred Hitchcock. It wasn't until we finished viewing the film that certain questions started to creep on our psyche and our consciences. Is there truly life after death? Are we alive and living or walking entities? Hayley Joel Osment was outstanding as Cole Sear who kept a dark secret from his unsuspecting mother - having the ability to see ghosts. Bruce Willis surprised me as he was actually quite good. This film has to be the best out of all of M Night Shymalan's films to date.
1|21938|I think these are both really bad movies.
5|23400|If you do not know who Ed Harris is, this movie includes a great acting job by him. The Abyss is not only a sci-fi movie that brings in exciting fantasy, but also a futuristic film that examines science experiments (some of which have yet to be attempted). This film has great social commentary from both a human and an extraterrestrial perspective.
5|1588|Really, really bad eggs! Seriously, a great film for people into swordplay, sailing ships, and evil spooky stuff.
1|21086|A stupid, inconsequential musical based on the life of a totally unimportant dictator's wife, who was also totally unimportant in her own right. Useless premise supported by a typically wan, banal and limp score concocted by that dreadful A.L. Webber, the composer of some of worst crap ever heard by humankind. Add the most overrated no-talent since Bing Crosby/Bob Hope, namely Madonna, who can't sing, dance or act (a triple threat) and wooden, sleazy-looking Antonio Banderas, and you have the workings of a feature film whose entire contents should have been left on the cutting room floor. A friend of mine rented this video for a small social gathering, and we laughed and laughed at how atrociously bad this cultural afterbirth was. Who bankrolls crap like this? And better yet, you actually coughs up the $$$ to actually go see this in a theatre?
5|6581|Liz Taylor and Richard Burton rip through the script and each other in a loud and messy movie. Great stuff. You have to wonder if George and Martha's relationship didn't mirror their own to some extent.
1|19519|Not enough people killed in this one.
5|7847|There are Jews at my table!
5|23366|Get the undubbed version with added scenes - alot more going for it... I watch it just for the car scenes.
5|4396|Shrek and Fiona are back in this hysterical sequel to the amazing first film. Here's the plot: Shrek (voiced by the absolutley wonderful by Mike Myers) and Fiona (Cameron Diaz) get back from their fantasy honeymoon to find that they are invited to meet Fiona's mom and dad, who turn out to be the King and Queen of a hoity-toity kingdom, appropriately named Far Far Away. I'll let you figure out the rest. With genius voices from Myers, Diaz, Eddie Murphy (the irresistible Donkey) and Antonio Banderas (as a gut-busting-funny assasin kitty-cat) and a chuckle every five seconds, this is a summer movie that you MUST see. 
1|13752|It was a riveting movie, but like so many others, was ruined by giving us anti-southern stereotypes. Those clowns in Hollywood don't have a clue what it's like to live here in the south. Tom Hanks is a fine actor, and is worthy of much better than this.
5|21571|I thought the movie was going to be boring, but it was GREAT! Legolas is so so so so so so so HOOOOTTTTT!!!!
5|71|This is a great movie. Harrison Ford is a great actor and does a great job. The plot is great. The action scenes are very fast paced. Great movie.
1|8983|What are people saying about this movie? It was soooo bad! Somebody commented to me later that it was the first movie he's seen whose trailer explains the entire movie. He's totally right. Save yourself $9.00 and just watch the trailer. There were, maybe, 2 funny scenes. Terrible, terrible.
1|1019|This was just another dumb blow it up movie. Willis is a better actor than this and would have to wait many years to show it.
5|21565|Peter Jackson really knows his stuff. No matter what situation it is, he captures it perfectly. IT is so refreshing that a movie of this caliber has become such a phenomenon.
5|65|This is one of the greatest movies ever made. Everything is perfect, the music, art direction, settings, direction and acting. Harrison Ford portrays the most watchable movie hero ever in the Raiders of the Lost Ark and the 2 sequels. Also, Steven Speilberg at his best, which is saying a lot.
1|6762|This movie was great!
5|6595|I can see why this is Hitchcock's favorite film! It's one of mine too! Cotten is effectively sinister while Wright is the perfect counterpart for his Uncle Charlie. After this film, there was no turning back. Hitchcock was on his way to becoming the best filmmaker in the business!
5|23372|A good movie to watch and its one of thoes movies you have to watch over to understand.
5|7853|I think that this is a great movie with Jack Nicholson playing Melvin who is a nasty man who has a neighbor who is gay. Helen Hunt plays a waitress who has a sick son. Melvins neighbor gets put in the hospital because he got beat up bad so Melvin has to watch after Verdel {neighbors dog} and Melvin slowly starts to change his life around to a nicer man because of watching this dog.
1|17246|Oh my God! I am SO damn sick of hearing about JLo and Affleck! let it die stupid media!
5|19944|This movie was actually pretty funny, seeing as it had many aspects to it: romance, gore, comedy, drama. It was a good movie, if you don't mind a few profanitie and sex scenes here and there.
5|2095|This movie is very exciting. It keeps you on your feet. I also liked it because Keanu Reeves is very fine.
1|6004|This is a really, really, really bad movie. It amazes me that this flick has the following it does....the writing is pathetic and the acting not much better....a good money maker in its day but a lousy picture all round. 
5|21203|John Cameron Mitchell may have stolen the show to get recognition and the MOST POSSIBLE CAMERA TIME, but he deserves every single frame. This movie is hilarious, touching, and genuinely interesting. As opposed to its assumed predecessor THE ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW, this film actually explores gender stereotypes instead of just portraying them as what they are at face value. This is the only movie EVER that I have left the theater ABSOLUTELY POSITIVE that I loved it. 
5|5922|What a great movie. Cary Grant is so funny that I turn purple every single time I watch the movie. I love his quick faces when he is stumbling on what to say those poor old ladies. It was just down right funny and pure great entertainment! Teddy was the best charecter ever in that whole movie and I believe he is one of the greatest movie charecters ever been made.
5|17969|Scariest movie of all time! They are making a new one and I want to see it.
5|16487|DiCaprio acts a real Romeo who contrats perfectly well with all the violence, hatred and the exhuberantly burning in colours and some even grotesque scenery. The director was a genius capturing the esence of the story. And a genuis at casting, too. Shakespeare would have loved it! The best R J I have ever seen.
5|990|Platoon was a movie about Vietnam. The movie showed a good portrayal of how the war was for the soldiers. It had plenty of action and violence which is entertaining.
5|2903|most of u guys are idiots please u people dont know a good movie if it hit u in the face the perfect storm was fantastic the best this year and for many years im a fisherman from newfoundland and was a sword fisherman for years this movie was so real it was amazing everything in it was dead on and the acting was spactacular just the way us fisherman liveid give it 10 out 0f 5 if i could and so for u ignorant executive type people just sit back and enjoy the ride because us poor hard working class people finally get some credit put that in your cuban cigar and smoke it way to go guys in hollywood great job 
5|10790|An instant classic. I was in a fraternity in college so I can relate to the drinking, partying, and taking advantage of girls. In this movie, guys in their early 30's are having sort of a mid-life crisis and starting a fraternity is an escape from reality for them. Old School takes you throw some aspects of starting a fraternity and pledging, and it is hysterical.
5|12187|Great movie and not boring. Bob Sagets performance is A+! Bloopers were great at the end of the movie.
5|15824|My comment is in referrence to all those that think people under 17 (maybe 21) shouldn't be allowed to see this. I personally am 16 years old and have watched the movie, NOT for its sexual content. The comment made by atomicsox is degrading to those my age who can think, and are not hormone driven like adults think we are. Kids should be allowed to choose to see that movie. Now if they miss it's deeper and more mind triggering meaning then that is their loss, and they might want to see the movie again when they are more mature. Albeit, those should not be deprived of seeing a psycological and moving film, on account of some ignorance, and controlling (there are other words to supplement there) adults. You should be educating young adults on this matter of life (cause it's not going to go away), not hiding and depriving an opportunity to learn about humans, cause that's what we are.
5|9842| Oh, it's the backbrace girl! Hi backbrace girl! SHUT UP1 This movie I can watch over and over. It's just too funny. and makes fun of shallow high schoolers, who of course don't get this movie. Ha ha. 
5|22050|The best out of the series. Great sci-fi action thriller.
5|8584|I loved the movie. I thought it was funny and just a cool kind of plot thingy. Now that I think about it, even though it was funny, I don't know why I like it so much. Don't get me wrong, I still love the movie, I just don't really have a reason!!
5|20647|A classic, how can anyone not see Grease in their lifetime. All the songs are catchy, the lines are cheesy and the characters are loveable. A good movie for a rainy day.
1|23861|A dark, pessimsitic, profanity-laced time travel tale. Star Trek time-travel adventures are millions of times better!
5|59|Bash Those Nazis
5|10784|Funny.
1|1757|Boring!
5|17955|ok I have just seen this movie recently for the first time w/ my fren.....and I have ta say that I think this is the best horror film of all time! I thought that every1 in the movie acted very well....I mean i would never EVER play a role like that or nething in it....lol...but it was very good....I mean I started freakin out when she did the lil spider walk down the stairs...AHHHHH that was soooooo scary...kinda..well i thought so..hehe...and o mi goodness when her head turned and the green throw-up...totally gross...but way kool ; ) umm...i dont think ne other movie can top this one...it was the perfect horror film....oh mi goodness im gettin goosebumps talkin bout it...so im goin to end mi opinion...hehe bye bye all!!! :o)
5|984|Gripping, violent, depressing, yet very watchable. The internal civil war between Barnes and Elias is fascinating. A groundbreaking film in the history of war movies. Great casting- all the actors are terrific.
5|14284|Its my fav. movie ever. If you havent seen this movie go buy it! now! Its not about fighting If you cant appreciate this movie for what it really means I feel bad for you. I wish I could give it 10 stars
1|20549|I was expecting lots of high quality IMAX racing action. Very little racing. Lots of behind the scenes stuff I could have seen on TV. Very disappointed
1|4968|I was expecting a lot from this movie. The graphics were good, but the story was awful. It was slow, boring, and very pointless.
5|6350|The Graduate is a 1967 classic comedy-drama that you have to see to belive. The film is about a young man who gets seduced by his girlfriend's mother, Mrs. Robinson. As the film goes along, their relationship is quite strange and small, as he still dates her daughter.
5|17612|I am not a Biblical scholar, but not totally illiterate either. From what I have observed since becoming a Christian, there seem to be as many opinions about the Rapture as there are people all of them claim certain passages in the Bible to backup their viewpoint pre-tribulation, post, not at all. I did enjoy this movie to a point but, as I do with most any film, book or personal opinion, I took it with a grain of salt. It merely depicts an interpretation an educated guess by someone with a pre-tribulation view. Whatever actually takes place should be an interesting topic of discussion and study, but not a point of division. As for me, my beliefs are simple. I am assured that I am saved by grace through faith in Jesus Christ. When He returns - as He has promised and as the final prophecy reveals He will I have complete faith that I will know Him - because I already do.
5|5659|One of my favorite Bogart movies.
5|4547|Great movie. Elastigirl had the best stuff.
5|3228|Terribly underrated judging from its ranking on this list. Malice was a great thriller that included top actors at their very best. Baldwin and Kidman were especially good in their roles, as was Pullman. The plot is solid, and the film presents a very suspenseful aura that keeps hold of the viewer's attention throughout. Malice is a great suspenseful thriller that has a few twists and turns here and there and a high quality cast. Highly recommended to all.
5|5881|My favourite movie of all time! And I have been watching movies for 58 years. I can also relate to the film and its location as I worked in Saudi Arabia for 20 years. And travelled extensively in Arabia on and off the job.Including a visit to Acabah I personally drove along the track from Jordan to Medina on the Hejaz railway and seen the trains which Lawrence derailed.Which are still lying there to this day. I have lots of photos and video as proof.I also found in the sand lots of brass cartridge cases from his battle areas.I retired to Dorset when I left Saudi and by coincidence lived just a few miles from where Lawrence came off his motor bike and from where he is buried.Anyone who can organise Arabs the way Lawrence did.Has to be a very special person.I know, I worked in the training department of a large Arabian Oil Company! 
5|19159|Blade was the best Horror Movie I seen this year.
5|4221|this is a fun filled adventure just hit play when the movies in and youre off its about a wOlly mamouth a sloth and a baby the baby comes from a village and his mom gives him to the willy mamouth because she jumps off a cliff then a mean sabratooth tiger comes and has a plan to try to get the baby so they can eat it WELL THAT DOENT STOP THE WOLLY MAMOUTH HE SAVES THE DAY BUT YOULL HAVE 2 WATCH HOW.....
5|1359|Reservoir dogs is Quentin Tarantino's best film and arguably one of the best films, period. It was very cutting edge in it's time and remains so several years of technique evolution later, and will undoubtedly continue to be far into the future. This film twists your imagination and destroys your morals and you'll love it like nothing else. GO SEE THIS MOVIE!
1|21131|theres no way a stupid preacher could control a town like that banning rock music and dancing in the 80's no in the 50's yes when there were so many corrupt towns and corruption yes but not in the 80's
5|6436|Excellent acting all around, especially from Paul Newman and George Kennedy. Never could figure out why that idiot Luke kept coming back to the lockup though. Have seen it about 10 times.
5|13312|I loved the historical aspect of the movie and how it depicted WWII and the battles. It also showed the personal and emotional side of the war by developing the characters to get on a human level with the audience.
5|14469|patrick fugit was soo real. you could not help but like him. Mr. FUGIT MADE THIS MOVIE FOR ME.I look forward to seeing him in his next film.
1|16789|Jack Nicholson always plays a crazy person well, but this film is bad. The movie starts low, and goes lower. The darkness never lets up. While this is the point of the movie, the pledge that drives a man insane, The audience is left completely unfulfilled by the end, and I felt as though my time would have been better spent watching paint dry. Do not see this film, unless of course you already watched the paint dry.
5|9711|This movie was hilarious, I can't wait to watch it again!
1|16951|Wretched, predictable claptrap. A waste of two hours.
5|4235|Good cartoon.
5|20914|A truly visually stunning and erotic musical!
5|2644|Great and creepy film. Rutger Hauer is especially great as the pyschotic hitchiker from hell. It also teaches an important lesson too... never pick up a hitchiker.
5|2122|Clints the man. What a tough dude.
1|14820|I hated this British drama. It only glorified drug use and stupidity. The movie is highly overrated and a waste of time to watch.
5|10169|I don't care how lame, or stupid some people think this movie is, it still has a great story line and it is definately a feel good coming of age movie. It wasn't filled with garbage or too much sex. A perfect teen movie that if I had teenagers of my own, I would definately recommend this movie to them. Alicia Silverstone is a talented actress who will go far if she keeps her talent pointed in the right direction.
5|8369|Excellent movie, but probably doesn't belong in the comedy category.
5|6344|although never as good or as funny as the critics make out , this sees a young dustin hoffman provide an intelligent performance. wonderful soundtrack , some good laughs and incredible symbolism
5|22865|One of the best movies I've seen in theatres in a long time. As I tell everyone who asks me, it's the best movie I've seen in theatres all year. You don't need to see the first to like this one, though I'd seen X-Men 1 in theatres too and liked it quite a bit, and this one is actually better than the first, at least in my opinion.
5|13460|This is my favorite movie of all time. Tom Hanks' performance was amazing, and the story was a classic. Forrest Gump has become one of my heros, and friends. It was truly a great movie. 
1|22362|Overrated as a sci-fi film. Basically a B-horror movie in outer space. Star Trek is an infintely better sci-fi franchise.
5|3214|This was an awesome movie, glad i saw it.
1|24713|What kind of plot was this? Besides predictability and a cliched storyline, the story went nowhere. FX did not save this movie. Poor acting too.
5|14327|A very good film, a retired Jewish school teacher in the south with a black man that her son hired to drive her because she was to old to drive herself. It brought up bigotry, illiteracy, ageing, all kinds of issues but most in a pretty subtle fashion. The relationship between the driver, Morgan Fairchild and the teacher, Jessica Tandy changes throughout the movie. 
5|14441|Quite intense emotionally as well as the individuals strength of character.
5|24582|Anyone, and I mean ANYONE, who has ever been accused of road-rage should LOVE this movie. Sure, the cars are nightmarishly cheesy and Stallone proved to anyone who has seen this movie that he can't act, but the movie is AWESOME. In a futuristic society, Death Race is the main spectator sport, supported by the government and loved by everyone, even the victims! A mind-blowing concept! Pop it in and WATCH THIS MOVIE. A real classic! (hey sis, how much for the dirtbag on the corner?)
5|16256|This movie showed the rough times going through high school. Many people can relate to this. However, not everyone can do the karate moves.
5|5103|A great movie to be enjoyed by all rugrats fans
1|8808|Get over it, this movie just plain old sucks. There is not one bit of good chemistry between Cher and Nicholas Cage. It is so annoying, and he looks horrible. He didn't know how to act when he was young, and he proves it here. Neither can Cher, so let's get to the point peoples!
5|199|Overdone, over-acted, but WHAT FUN!! WHAT WILL YOU DO WITHOUT FREEDOM? Terrific action sequences. . .although where is the BRIDGE in the Battle of STIRLING BRIDGE?! Oh well, I don't want to be a spoil-sport and point out a few mistakes. A terrific movie.
5|16242|definetly the best movie I've ever seen! Ever!
5|19171|I saw this film when I was ten years old and it literally frightened the crap out of me! I couldn't take my eyes off of it no matter how full my pants got! (Just kidding!) This film has some of the best special effects I've seen on an cheesy eighties zombie flick. To those who have seen it: Wasn't that slimy zombie in the basement the most real and frightening thing in the movie? For those who haven't: If you're looking to be entertained and don't mind being grossed out a little, rent this film!! And, of course, let's not forget R.L.D. Pt.II! The sequel is almost as good as the first one and is, in my opinion, more comical!!
5|4209|Monsters, Inc. was a great movie. I saw it at least three times! I would recommend this movie to everyone.
5|20928|Wow! You know, I wasn't sure to see this movie at first, since the reviews were very mixed. But finally I decided to rent it and give it a shot and I was just blown away! I thought the story was really good - simple enough to be on film but complex enough to be interesting. And man, I've never fallen so in love with a movie before! Love stories don't usually grab me but I was just crying like there's no tomorrow at the end of this one. I know plenty of people don't like Nicole Kidman but I find her skills dazzling every time I see her, and Ewan MacGregor's performance was breathtaking. I'm glad I got to see him in a role that finally allows him to bear his amazing talent. I'll warn you, this movie is very subjective; plenty of people didn't like it. But if you've been searching for a fiercely romantic feast for the senses that isn't your run-of-the-mill romantic drama or hum-drum romantic-comedy, then I recommend you give Moulin Rouge a try.
5|10633|A very offbeat comedy that offends just about everybody. Taking place in the 60s or 70s (when it was filmed), it's about an advertising agency with a token black guy on the board of directors. When the head guy dies and they have to select a new CEO, everybody votes for the black guy assuming that nobody else will and therefor they won't be giving a vote likely to offer them competition. He takes over and in his first speech says, "I just want you to know, I'm not here to rock the boat. I'm here to sink the f----er!" The ads they produce thereafter are hilarious!
5|2678|Action packed and exciting. The cars were da bomb and Angelina Jolie! Never a dull moment.
5|1371|Reservoir Dogs was made before Pulp Fiction and finally got the attention it deserved when Pulp became popular. It is even better than Pulp Fiction. Great movie.
5|14455| Hoosiers is a terrific basketball movie. Gene Hackman stars as a new high school coach with a mysterious past, and his approach to coaching raises the eyebrows of his players and the townspeople alike. Hackman's character forges ahead, and eventually takes his team to the Indiana state finals. The build-up to the finals was very effective, and I found myself totally involved in the outcome. After living in a small town in Indiana for two years, I can attest to the fact that people really are that obsessed with basketball! If you're looking for an absorbing, feel-good movie, try renting Hoosiers. You won't be disappointed.
5|24596|A classic.
1|19486|This is the stupidest movie I have ever seen , well.. If that is excluding the cider house rules.. lol
1|3791|With Diesel, this film is a real turkey.
5|22681|This movie was awesome. I usually think comic book movies are okay but X-Men was just great. I didn't have to know everything about the comic to get the movie. The costumes were great and so was the movie.
5|12742|Whether you agree or disagree with Michael Moore, democracy needs people like him, who are not afraid to question the actions and intentions of the people whom we give the power to rule our country. George Bush is supposed to represent all Americans, Michael Moore included. If Moore were to keep his mouth shut, he would fail in his duty as an American citizen.
5|7066|Classic comedy that never grows old. I love this movie! Great cast.
5|6378|This may be my favorite movie of all time. It's a charming tale of an unhappy princess(Audrey Hepburn, in her first role ever.) who escapes out into BEAUTIFUL Italy. In her traversing about Rome, she meets up with a charming (and so handsome) reporter, played perfectly by Gregory Peck (who, along with Burt Lancaster may be one of the most handsome actors ever). In their time spent together, they begin to fall in love. Amongst all of this, Gregory has to battle his guilt over taking pictures of the princess (who doesn't reveal herself to him..but he finds out and plans to write an article about her escape.) and his growing feelings for her. She goes back to her position eventually, but that doesn't ruin the romance of the film..it just adds a bittersweet element. The scenes with Gregory and Audrey seeing the sights are so enchanting, not to mention hilarious. This amusing, emotional tale is most defiently worth watching.
5|22859|The first X-Men movie was plain awful. It didn't even stay true to either the comic book or cartoon and I was so disappointed. Where was Jubilee, Gambit and Beast? I walked away feeling that I just witnessed a poor episode of a washed up sci-fi TV programme. X2 however gave me the pleasure of sitting in my seat five minutes after the movie finished with my eyes still rolling from a visual feast of fresh character development, good special effects and a good story. With a few minor glitches (The absence of Beast, Gambit and Jubilee, Rogue and her romance with Iceman when really it should have been Gambit) I managed to overlook these small flaws and just appreciated a good movie.
5|20096|A terrifying movie that uses the unseen rather than the seen to frighten moviegoers. Full of suspense and terror, this movie is one of the best in a long time. I am really looking forward to the sequel. I hope it can compare to the first.
5|5671|I first saw it in 1948. I guess you gotta give it a 5, but how that wimp, Ashley, could resist Scarlett is beyond me. Thomas Mitchell is really great in this flick.
5|21388|My favorite film in my favorite series of films of all time. So much to see in this movie, and it's all great. It does leave you hanging in a way, but they had to stop somewhere I guess. In any case, this is film-making at it's absolute best. There are so many memorable scenes...The battle on Hoth with the Imperial Walkers, Luke being captured by the Wampa creature and the audience sees him really use the force for the first time to pull the lightsaber into his hand, Luke learning to be a Jedi on Dagobah, we get to meet that lovable Yoda for the first time, the Millenium Falcon flying into the asteroid belt, only to learn that they are in the belly of a huge space slug, Han and Leia escaping to Cloud City, only to learn that they've been betrayed by Lando Calrissian to Vader, Luke flying to Cloud City to face Vader in what is probably the best lightsaber duel of all the movies, Luke getting his hand severed at the wrist and then finding out moments later that Vader is his father. So many wonderful scenes and situations. I wish everyone could feel the way I do about this movie.
5|16524|I enjoyed the older crowd making a comeback. It's amazing how quickly they accomplished their feats for the over the hill gang.
5|21363|yes it did deserve to play in the summer time lostboy should move in on this website he's a opinionated jerk 
5|5842|A great movie
5|600|An absolute materpiece. Kaiser Socay is the greatest villian of all time.
1|15531|this is the one of only movie I will ever give a 1 star rating and I only gave it a 1 because I couldn't give a 0! I hated it! DiCaprio is one of the worst actors I've ever seen. As you can see I don't like this romantic crap, it's ok ever once in a wile but don't base the movie off of it, it doesn't work like that! the first and only time I will ever see this movie, it made me have to pee so bad! wouldn't ever recomend it!
5|6393|The first mith coming directly from the films without a literature origin and in its first version it was the most human carachter in an animation protagonist.
5|12971|The movie is actually as good as the novella written by King. I am usually disappointed in film based on a written work, if I have read it. However, Shawshank captured every essence. The acting was so exceptional that the viewer feels more like they are peering into real people's lives rather than watching people act. Uplifting and inspirational. I was with Andy through every step of his journey and truly felt the amazement and beauty of life that he had always known existed.
1|18015|I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHAT IS SO SCARRY THIS MOVIE?? SHE GAVE THEM WHAT THEY DESERVED IN A MORE GIFTED & CLEVER WAY!!!
1|18773|I have a question about this movie: The whole thing is that if you make a copy of the tape, you wont die. (it was discovered at the end). Rachel made a copy of the tape at the begining of the movie, but why through out the entire movie Rachel is having all these symptoms and signs as if she was going to die? (Bloody noses, blurry picture, hair coming out of her throat etc.)It's hard for me to watch this movie thinking that.
1|16986|I found this a distateful little film,cold, cynical,clinical, with no redeeming features whatsoever.I personally couldn't care for any one of the characters. It seemed an exercise in debasement for the four actors involved and does them no favours.
1|2464|Could any of the people in this movie act?
5|2693|I loved the chase sceans and the cars. I think this is very deserving of all five stars.
1|12538|Jeesus H. Christ, I hated this movie. It's been a long time since I wanted to walk out on a film within the first fifteen minutes. Wait a minute . . . no it hasn't. There was "The Constant Gardener". Yuck. Anyway, back to the turd in question. The storyline had one gimmick. A good premise, that went nowhere. So, the story sucked, but it wasn't the worst thing about this film. The worst thing about this film was the MILF. Every second she was on screen was one more second that I seriously contemplated a mad dash for the door. She was plain awful. Her overly melodramatic, shrewlike, smarmy dialouge was bad enough. I'll give her credit for a decent performance. It wasn't her fault that the casting director, film director and screenwriter sucked. She seemed to be a good actress, but I guess it's hard to act your way out of a bad movie. I wouldn't know. In fact, I don't know a damn thing about making movies, except that I know a bad one when I see it. Anyway, I simply didn't buy the idea that this movie "mom" had a sixteen year old son, a five year old daughter and hips like a seventeen year old girl. Needless to say, her makeup & hair were always perfect. Yeah, right. Major pet peeves of mine. I'm sick of Hollywood's version of regular folks who look as though they stepped out of a Spiegel catalog. Seriously, the only time I enjoyed her performance was when she flashed the beaver . . . but, ummm I gotta ask, just what the hell WAS that all about? Hey, I'm into 69'ing cheerleaders and rough sex on the stairway, but I wasn't expecting to see either one in this particular movie. At least, not where the director put them, not from those angles, not for that long and not set to a "Tender Moments" soundtrack. Hot scenes, I guess, but besides being out of place they went on tooooo long. And that MUSIC. Aaaarghhhh! I mean, if I'm watching people bump and grind I expect some bowmp-ba-bowmp or screetching guitars or Bolero or anything but that sappy Hallmark Movie of the Week, elevator music. God, this movie sucked. Just sucked. I need a drink.
5|166|This is one of my favorite movies of all time. Mel's performace is top notch here and the cinematography is breath taking. I agree that the battle scenes are spectacular and broke new ground. I want to add that the score to this film gives me goose bumps. It fits perfectly well with the scenes or just wonderfully as stand alone compositions. The music is just riveting. Mel did a heck of a job telling this story.
5|10800|Jimmy Fallon + Queen Latifah = 1 FUNNY MOVIE
5|21405|Empire Strikes Back is the best Star Wars movie. It was different from all the other ones because it didn't have a space battle and the bad guys won. All the best characters were in it (like the bounty hunters), and there weren't as many corny looking aliens.
5|172|great
5|2687|Perfect movie for guys who love cars. My date liked it too. Once you get into your car after the movie you don't want to drive the speed limit.
5|21411|The finest adventure movie ever made.
5|23206|This is an excellent movie. The special effects are great and the story, though not plausible, is intriguing and very suspenseful.
5|6387|Technically advanced film for its time. Willis O'Brien really conveyed a personality on The Big Ape, much better job than the bogus, sterile special effects of these days. A perverse love story, a tale of sexual frustration, a metaphor for the Black experience in America. Of course, it's dated and creaky, but it's also 70 years old. One of the typically idiotic posters slighted this film because it's in black and white. Well, color processes hadn't been developed for features in 1933, and b/w does have a visual vocabulary, an aesthetic of its own that doesn't necessarily make it inferior to color. Shows you how lacking in imagination most people are these days, spoiled rotten by gimmicks and novelty.
5|23560|This movie was probably the best fantasy film I've seen...too bad we get the dumbed down version edited for American consumption.The other cut goes deeper metaphysically,but might have offended all those born again bubbas.
5|614|Kevin Spacey's best movie. He gives a better performance than in Seven. 
1|22389|Should have been called "Conan the Annoyer."
5|23548|(Warning: Contains spoilers) Very fun movie. This takes place about 2 years after the first movie left off: Peter's in college, and is having a rough time balancing his normal life with his web-slinging job, and he realizes his need to set his priorties straight. Personally I think it might have been a bit too soon for Spider-Man to unmask himself to some people, but I guess it needed to be done. Either way, it was worth watching.
5|22656|I loved this movie. If there was a 10 I would give it a 10. The reason wsa that my brother and I grew up as Marvel Comics kids and I knew that when they made an X-Men movie, it would be the best of all time!
5|17835|Great #1 pick, guys! Fantastically underrated movie. Top 25...EVER possibly
5|20727|I love Audrey Hepburn and I love old movies. And accents. If you like all that, it's a good movie. The music is typical of a musical, Audrey is stunning. It's got sparks of humor, but the end pisses me off. Weak female, boo!
5|9922|I thought it was the funniest movie of the summer; they way they clowned all the other phony ass scary movies.
5|22130|The Matrix is one of the coolest movies ever. Try watching it w/ the sound down and Crystal Method's Las Vegas over it. Amazing...almost Pink Floyd- Wizard of Oz . Beautiful visual images and a story line that doesn't really overwhelm. I loved it and I thought Keanu Reeves was excellent! Truely one of the greats.
5|14482|great plot great acting great characters great music great ending. i truly enjoyed this movie, and i think i could see it again and find it equally entertaining... the plot is well developed and many-layered, and the actors do wonders with it. even if that weren't the case, it would be worth seeing just for the great soundtrack. 5 stars.
1|19451|i got this movie on a free rental i nearly fell asleep over this it was plain stupid not scary dont rent it
5|15944|The English Patient is a superb movie. Ralph Fiennes is a great actor. The entire cast is great. Even though the movie is long, the love story is worth it.
5|9936|It was a funny comedy. It made me laugh all the way through. It had good characters and a great plot.
1|10307|I'd have root canal work done without anesthetic before I'd see this again.
5|22124|My all time favorite movie
1|1145|One of the most boring movies I've ever seen. Fell asleep the first time I watched it and when I finally did rent it again I wished that I hadn't. What a waste of time. Long, boring, worthless movie.
1|7534|stupid
5|10828|How can you not like Jay and Silent Bob. The best comedy duo since Cheech and Chong. RECONIZE
5|2863|that movie was like soo hott.. halle lookded madd pretty and she kicked some ass!!!!!.. 5 stars!!!!!'!'!'''''
1|4983|Okay, now this kind of film, even for kids, is a real insult to filmgoers everywhere. In spite of all its dynamic advertising and cool posters, it turned out to be nothing all that special, just a series of grotesque animal fights with dodgy CGI and tacky weapons. The fact that it tried to preach the theory that all cats are evil and that it's only thanks to the companionship of dogs that we're all happy and free didn't do it any favours. I like cats myself, and actually found it alarmingly offensive, particularly the portrayal of all 'cat people' as fat, drippy women and the horrific 'educational' cartoon of Ancient Egyptian history in which everything gets disgustingly distorted. But it couldn't even make the best of such a dubious concept. The script was poor and disappointingly slow-paced, with jokes I'd heard a thousand times before, the puppetry, particularly for the Chinese hairless, was pathetic, the plot was tissue-thin, and acting, both people and voices, was really, really bad. Only the trained cats and dogs gave it any life and soul. Little attempt was actually made to develop the characters, even the animal ones (the least said about those irritating 'humans' the better). The plot? A puppy with an adult voice is accidentally called upon to protect a scientist working on a cure for dog allergies from cats trying to take over the world. Very, very tedious. Your kids deserve better than this. If you're a dog lover, you'd probably be better off giving this a miss. If you're a cat lover, avoid it like hell!
1|16010|Maybe I was watching a different Garden State from these other posters. Did they make 2 of them? Because the one I saw was a dull stinkorama that put my wife to sleep in 15 minutes and intermittently put me in and out of reposo. All I saw was a menadering mess of GEN-X and GEN-Y slackers, losers, dudes, and dudettes wasting their North Jersey lives doing nothing interspersed with doing drugs. Unlike Seinfeld, their doing nothing was neither funny nor interesting. It had the look and the feel of a Kevin Smith movie without the humor. I just don't have interest or patience in watching a film about dudes going nowhere in their lives. I don't like Zack Braff. I hate him in Scrubs and hate his attempt to be the next David Schwimmer. Even the vaunted soundtrack sucked in my humble opinion.
5|22642|This movie is another example of a classic comic book excellently transformed into a motion picture blockbuster. Featuring classic characters from the comic, it is another good example of a comic cleanly and solidly transformed into a great motion picture. Though there are some clear disimilarities(Wolverine is much taller than his comic book character, and Rogue is clearly younger than she is as portrayed in the comic) and many changes have been clearly seen in the movie, it is still consistently a great movie, showing smooth transition from comic book to movie sequence.
1|3034|This movie was so disappointing. First, it was not believeable at all. The sequence of events and the characters reactions to the events were contrived. Also, the movie glorifies police brutality, which is particularly disturbing as John Singleton directed it. Also, Latinos are stereotyped as drug lords. All in all, the movie was quite offensive.
5|8396|the opening urinal scene is a classic!
5|8619|I love this movie! It is sooooooooooooooooo funny. There are several parts were I would laugh so hard. If you haven't seen this movie you should rent it at a movie store or something and watch it. It is so funny!One of my favorites!
5|13110|This is a really great movie. Everyone one in it does a great job. This movie is realistic and it helps you to understand better just how horrific the holocaust really was. If you haven't seen this movie, you should definitely see it. Be warned though, this is a very sad movie.
5|9507|One of the funniest film I have ever EVER seen. I never laughed so hard in my life. And it was from beginning to end! I know this film isn't high on the list because people are pansey asses and are offended at the drop of a hat. South Park offers no apologeze and must be watched with an open mind and a human sense of humor. The jokes come at you fast and hard and never let up. Next to Cannibal: The Musical, this is Trey Parker and Matt Stones best work.Actually a very intelligent and interesting farce on society and our constant blaming of others instead of looking at ourselves. HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
5|6634|I liked this a lot more thirty years ago and maybe it has sunk to less than a five spot, but Newman, Jackie Gleason, George C. Scott, Piper Laurie really still shine. Followed many years later by Color of Money.
5|17376|What an amazing film! The first time I saw this, I thought it was far too long and FAR too heavy on dialogue. After revisiting it in my mind, however, it soon dawned on me exactly how remarkable Renoir's vision was, here. THE RULES OF THE GAME is a masterpiece, perhaps second only to CITIZEN KANE in the pantheon of cinema giants.
5|10419|Mel is the man, whoever does not appreciate this light hearted comedy, should definatly think about thier values they put on movies. Basically get ahold of your sexuality if you are going to take this too seriously, it was fun.
5|16068|John Q is an excellent movie. The cast in fit into their roles perfectly, and Deznel Washington proves strong in this otherwise meaningless and forgettable character. James Woods also does a great job.
5|11061|A great movie from the late nineties about smoking pot...Chapelle is the man for here and today!
5|17410|2 children from a Swedish acting family have to live with a cruel stepfather,a religious minister, when their father dies.If this plot outline sounds like the great director Ingmar Bergman's trademark Nordic gloom,think again;his masterful final(multi-Oscar winning)film is a real heart warmer,full of joyful spirit,much of it centring on Christmas celebrations.A grand,fitting monument to a celebrated career;glowingly photographed,shot through with humanity and even sprinkled with a little magic!
5|13676|This movie was so sad. I must have seen it at least ten times and I still cry. The music is good. I don't know if I would have been able to survive in that time period as a woman. Whoopi did a fabulous job. This movie makes me hate men. It brings out a lot of emotions. Very powerful.
5|6152|'Patton' is one of the great movies of all-time, and one of the most parodied solely for the flag speech sequence at the beginning. But in essence, the casting and the acting are both superb. The storyline is fantastic as well. George C. Scott as the great-but-controversial General George S. Patton and Karl Malden as General Omar Bradley are the ego and conscience of the movie, respectively. Finally, with the great visuals, it isn't too hard to see why this movie is on AFI's 100 greatest movies ever. It deserves to be.
5|12568|Just goes to show you what an upstart group of misfits can do to a ell trained professional team if they put their heads together... LIKE I SAID. IFC Films have redeemed themselves from last years Farenheit 911 ACLU Debacle... 
1|10688|Sometimes even the funniest actor can mess up with a movie, and The Waterboy proves this. Adam Sandler plays a waterboy. Bored yet? His mother cuts fish. Yet? His girlfriend dumped him and came back. Yet? His coach is Henry Winkler. Yet?
5|15207|Al Pacino gave a great performance. His character was real lovable but you had to get used to him first. He taught that kid a lot about character. I almost cried when he came to the defense for his friend at the trial. I was happy that the kid got out of trouble with the help of his friend. This was a good drama. Al Pacino is one of my favorite actors.
5|13662|An outstanding movie, just as good as the book, with great performances and beautiful cinematography. Steven Speilberg should have won an oscar for this movie, because it is one of his best. Thumbs up on the casting!
5|23979|I never tire of this film. Excellent cast, although a little over the top in some scenes. Good plot and uplifting ending, which I really liked. And, oh, if ya love cats you'll love this flick! The naming of cats is really a big job for one of the characters in this film! If you'd like to hear T.S. Elliot being recited in a motion pic, gotta see this one!
5|19429|wow!! when I started watching this I could tell that it was going to be a wonderful movie you know how I could tell?? by the awesome music I like the sound of the music. it's a great movie it's great to have a horror movie that has dead people and slashing in it!! I love it!! it has great imaginitive scenes and The Tall man rocks!! I love movies about sinister-cemetaries this flim is one I truely love and the tall man uses flying spheres to kill people which has a very imaginative way of killing and I love the whole thing about how it seems like a fantasy but, it's real. the ending is great! it scared me tremendously!! but, that's what I loved about it!! this flim is one of my favorite horror movies of all time and I love how it's got to do with the supernatural world! so next time your walking through the video store grab PHANTASM and rent it!! cause it's a awesome movie!! rent it! remember to rent it!! it's great!!!!!!
1|22148|Flashy and pseudo philisophical, it did not have a logical argument. It was too concocted. It was a good piece of Sci-Fi genre but the plot was illogical and had major holes.
5|17404|One of the great silent films of all time, and one of the best and most intelligent horror films as well. I particularly like the scene of the rats biting the sailors.
5|18737|The best horror series to date.
1|9082|An unfunny piece of garbage. Hardly a comedy.
5|17362|An exquisite film. Complex simplicity.
5|18051|Carrie is my favorite horror movie of all time!!!
5|3980|This movie was on TV at the beginning of Feb. 2001, and i was upstairs, and suddenly heard Chim Chimney or what ever they call that song, and I was ready to cry! It was something to hear it again, and being that it was a dismal, rainy day, I was instanly reliving my olden days of that movie, my favorite through much of my childhood, and I was actually crying when I came downstairs and saw it on tv. I was so caught up in my memories and the past that I couldn't believe myself!
5|4037|The best Pixar film of them all. Glorious animation, and a hilarious performance from Albert Brooks. Flawless.
1|20039|I was pretty disappointed to learn that the whole thing had been improvised. The swearing wasn't a problem because they were actors doing improv (making it up as they go) and that's what most young people do when they are angry, upset or frustrated.
5|13104|This film is BRILLIANT, but all the best things have been said already, so I'll keep it short: Schindler's List is a CLASSIC. 
5|6620| Easy Rider is indeed a must-see 1960's homage to the free spirit of that particular decade. Peter Fonda and Dennis Hopper play the two leading heroes who are setting out on their bikes to conquer the ugly face of prejudice. Jack Nicholson serves as the scenestealer here, representing how ignorance can be molded away with the correct attitude. Extremely funny, moving, interesting and ultimately raw film experience. And what a fan-freaking-tastic trip scene that is yet to be matched in cinema. Killer soundtrack as well.
1|967|I hate Jaws. I hate sharks in general. They're the most ugliest things in the whole world. They're my only phobia. I hate them! Awful movie!
5|21820|Brilliant!
1|22606|Even the most fascinating, most excellent special effects can't save this flop based on the hit comic book series.
5|5301|I watched this movie as an annual event until I was into my 30's. It's timeless. I bought the DVD so my 4 year old granddaughter can enjoy it. Possibly the greatest movie of all time. 
1|24277|I thought this movie was pathetic. It reminded me of Return of the King, there's really nothing besides fighting. The plot is quite horrible. It was just plain stupid.
5|16054|This is a great movie to see with your girlfriend. I liked the way the movie integrated a drama, action, and love all in the same plot. This is one of those movies I will want to own in the future.
1|19848|Good movie for about 5 minutes during the introduction. Goes downhill from there. Saw it for free and still feel cheated.
5|7516|Jake and Elwood Blues on a mission from God, the great cameos, the car chase/car crash scene and best of all the music what wasn't to like. Still as funny today as it was over 20 years ago.
5|8625|For people who don't like Billy Madison that's assault , bruther . They picked the right actor for the job ( Adam Sandler ) the fat kid from the third grade me laugh.
5|12232|GREATEST MOVIE OF ALL TIME!!!!!
5|14643|There's only one word to describe it, Inspirational! Even if you are not a dancer you will watch the dancing with awe and just feel motivated in whatever you want to become in life, and you're bound to feel like dancing. One of the greatest dance movies of all time!! 
5|1167|The best of the Rambo series, and the most believable. This is Stallones best movie since Rocky.
5|23789|Very good effects and storyline. Perfect actors for the roles. A little long.
5|14125|I thought Jim Carrey had a very sensitive and convincing role in this movie. It made me ask questions about myself like what I perceive as reality. The idea was original and well cast. I think Jim Carrey should have been nominated for an Oscar.
5|1601|This movie is gross, but such is the life of a homicide detective. Character development was also good and the villains don't come like that everyday, which makes the movie interesting to watch. Smart and stylishly done.
1|20777|When will these sugary old-farty musicals end? Please! This movie is way too cheesy for my tastes. The singing made me ears hemmorhage! Bing Crosby is a terrible singer and not good to look at. Overall, this musical is as fun as anencephaly.
5|7270|Except for Animal House (and maybe Airplane), no comedy movie has begat more catch-phrases (e.g. - It's in the hole!!! Noonan, Noonan) than Caddyshack. From start to finish, this movie serves up laughs on something that is hard to make fun of -- the urbane sport of golf. While Dangerfield, Chevy Chase, and Bill Murray delivered some of their greatest comedic work in a movie, Ted Knight earns medalist honors as the outrageous Judge Schmails. I dug the primitive animotronic gopher. While dancing with a girl in Newport Rhode Island, she commented that I danced like the gopher. Needless to say, I did not score that night. If you have never seen Caddyshack, you are missing out on one of the great pleasures in life. P.S. - For the Ladyshark, that was a Baby Ruth...mistaken for a u-know-what.
5|22497|you need to watch the directors cut to understand this brilliant film.the dream scene with the unicorn is so important,and the i,ve seen things you people wouldn,t believe speach so beautiful.a truly wonderful film brilliantly directed.
5|13892|I still watch Rocky today, so you know it was good when it first came out. Rocky was the best because towards the end he always had style to him.
5|10343|I had no idea what this film was about when I went to see it and I was pleasantly surprised. It was very humourous and enjoyable to watch and Jack Nicholson was perfect in the lead role. I have to say that it was incredibly refreshing to see an older male actor playing a role that reflects his age...someone who's married to an older woman his own age, who's retiring and dealing with being a senior citizen basically. The narration in the film is brilliant, because it's constructed through letters which the character writes to Ndugu, the child he sponsers through world vision. Those letter provide the funniest moments in the entire film...I was practically choking with laughter at some of the things he writes.
5|19415|Bloody and funny too!
5|11049|Scotty doesn't know.
5|17438| Raise the Red Lantern is one of my all time favorite films. It is so visually beautiful and Zhang Yimou's use of color (as in the rest of his films) is mind blowing. The film is not only visually powerful it was politically powerful enough to get it banned in China. The depiction of gender relations in Raise the Red Lantern is perhaps one of the most moving in the modern cinema. We follow the central character (played by the wonderful Gong Li) through her life in the Master's house until her fall into madness, we see her opression and we see her strike out harshly because of it. There is a scene in RTRL, the death house scene, that I would argue is one of the most well constructed scenes of suspense and horror in all of the cinema. A brilliant film. 
5|1615|An awesome movie. Brad Pitt can be an excellent actor when he isn't playing such a Nancy boy as he plays in most movies. Kevin Spacey was the perfect villan for this movie.
5|7264|Forever quotable! It's unbelievable that this 25 year-old comedy hasn't gotten stale. So many funny characters (Chase, Dangerfield, Knight, and of course Murray). The story (although uncomplicated) is enough to join all of the hilarity together, but still allows all of the characters to be funny.
5|13886|A simple guy with simple goals but who conquered the world...who couldn't like a movie like that whether it's sports or something else?
5|15549|This was a really great movie. I've seen it a million times and I still like it. I'm not really a fan of romantic sort of movies, but this one I liked. It's a bit of a chick flick, but it's a good one. It even has a bit of humour in it despite the movie being about a horrible tragedy. It's a long movie, but it is a good one.
5|8631|kind of stupid but it defined a generation, funny, funny stuff. sandler's best work! good movie
5|13138|This is one of the most powerful movies of all-time. More importantly, it is one of the most important movies of all-time. Amazingly, there are still people who deny that the Holocaust ever happened. And, each year, there are fewer and fewer people still alive who survived the Nazi concentration camps. This movie is a reminder of the atrocities (and it really doesn't matter if Oskar Schindler really wasn't the hero that he was portrayed to be). It keeps the tragedy in the public conciousness and reminds us to never let something like this happen again. Sure, it is quite long and people have shied away because of the intense subject matter. Nevertheless, if you have never seen it, you have an obligation to the millions who died to do so.
5|21834|Just like the first one, the second is a masterpiece. It has it all: great acting luscious landscapes, well writen plot (You can't go wrong with possibly the greatest books ever written), flow of the movie. What more could you want? t's also interesting to know that their saving the last part of the book for the third movie. I better see an oscar nod for best picture just like last year. Run to the theaters. I gaurantee you will want to see this movie again, and again, and again, and again, etc., etc., etc.
5|21607|I loved the magic of the movie especially Orlando Bloom's portrayal of Legolas. I can't wait for the next movie!
1|24288|My opinion, to like this movie, you have to take the blue pill. Revolutions is better then Reloaded. That sets the bar at about ground-- level. With ROCKY II, Aliens, Terminator 2, God Father II, as examples of sequels worthy of the originals;lets reset the bar.Pretend Revolutions directly follows The Matrix. Now do some Keanu math: High expectations [(Empty digital spectacle + meaningless characters) gutted original characters] x Stupefying Wizard of Oz plot turns =REVOLUTION IS BOGUS DUDE!! 
5|19398|One of my favorite Stephen King movies. Christopher Walken and Martin Sheen are really great in this film.
5|20519|Still my favorite IMAX movie, after all these years. No 3D glasses, no special effects--a simple movie about the joys of air travel. It was my first IMAX movie so it holds a special place in my heart.
5|2491|This is a great movie. It has a lot of action, but what I like most of all was how realistic the movie was, the story, and all those special effects.
5|3957|Beauty and the Beast taught me (since I first saw it) that looks don't count as much as personality does. I admire this classic by Walt Disney. The ingenue in the cartoon is really vry right about issues.
1|11233|I hated it.
5|1198|A true classic movie of the bond series, all of them are great but my opinion is that this one is the best.
5|23010|this movie was good!..does not compare to the second one thats for sure!!
1|3578|War movies usually suck.
1|17642|Typical French film. Slow moving, muted dialogue, incomprehsible plot..it's all here. The only one of the trology worth bothering with is Blue and only because of the lovely Juliette Binoche.
5|1826|great movie. plenty of action. Brilliant acting, particularly from Val Kilmer as Doc Holliday, with his witty remarks. The only downfall of the movie would be the love scenes which seem as though they are in the movie simply because they had to be. However, these scenes are few and the rest of the movie is very entertaining. Whoever it is saying Clint Eastwood is in this movie, you've got the wrong film. 
1|17124|Truly horrible. Bad acting. Every cliche in the book. Dunst strutting around in tight, little shirts and panties for 2 hours wasn't enough to make this movie worthwhile.
5|22468|The most tightly-scripted and epic entry of the lot.
5|402|Gladiator was a good movie. It was a classic epic battle between good and evil. It had a lot of male testosterone and battle scenes. It had good special effects.
5|4792|This movie is great for kids as well as adults. The mouse is great as an actor and character.
5|13879|The Rocky series are my favourite films ever for so many reasons, the acting, the fighting and everything else is all brill! The Rocky series also brought hope to the little guy in which they never get a chance (or in Rockys case never got a shot at a decent title) My favourite line of the whole film has to be in RockyIV where Apollo(just b4 his fight)says i feel like i could eat nails, Stallion! Rocky replies I'v seen them snails in the garden but i'v never wanted to eat them Every time i see that clip i always laugh. After watching every film roughly 30times i still dont know my favourite. Thats how good these films are.I heard a rumour that a RockyVI is on the cards in which Rocky steps back into the ring 1 more time but we all no when Rocky says just one more fight he really means just another 20.Hope the rumour is true.ROCKY! ROCKY! ROCKY! ROCKY! 
1|10887|Without a doubt the biggest piece of junk to come out of Hollywood so far this year. Complete garbage all the way. Will Ferrel's horrendous acting never ceases to amaze me, he just gets worse and worse every movie he comes out with, and this movie is no different than all the other trash he has accomplished thus far. The storyline was loosely based on women's rights in television news. Christina Applegate barely tried in this movie, but I can understand why. (I wouldn't do very good acting next to Will Ferrel either.) She must have owed someone a favor, otherwise I would never be able to understand why she would even be willing to star in such a piece of junk. Do not waste your time or money...it is really awful...
5|6185|I adore this movie. Audrey *IS* Holly Golightly. It is hard to believe that Truman Capote actually wanted Marilyn Monroe for the part! Some criticize the movie because of how different it was from the novel, but personally I thought the movie was better. Call me sappy, but I love the happy ending. There are so many things that I love about this movie! Audrey, Moon River, the hilarious party scene, cat , Audrey's dresses, the happy yet STRONG ending.. I could go on and on.
1|21482|Movie is too long and is boring.
5|23004|SO ROCKED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1|8439|IT WAS KIND OF CORNY,AND NASTY.
5|18092|I enjoy all books by Stephen King. This is about an infatuated fan who kidnaps an author and tries to influence his next book.
5|370|Gladiator is a very cool look at the Roman times. The coliseum was very well done, and I was very impressed. The Nero character was an excellent villain. I also liked how the beginning of the movie tied into the ending.
5|3943|Disney's masterpiece, with voice actors Paige O'Hara and Robbie Benson, you got to love this film
1|19653|That producers of these atrocities know they will make money on SEQUELS is more horrifying than the movies themselves.
1|5135|Madeline is such a bad excuse for an animated feature, that they didn't even give the characters of Madeline eyes! The book series was cute, but trying to make a movie out of the series that only had a few words a page is mindless.
5|22332|An instant classic!
5|6813|Funniest movie of all time!!!!! I cut your bloody arm off.
5|14858|This movie was awsume! It had a great theme about how even people with different races can get along. Denzel was great in this movie as he alwayz is. it is definetly a must see! 
5|358|The opening scene make the whole move worth it...on a par with the first ten minutes of Saving Private Ryan for stark realism and violence. Remainder of the move holds lup very well....would pay to see it twice and thats something I never do....enjoy.
5|20525|Photography and sound made me feel like I was right in the middle of the action. I could feel the heat of those flames. The content of the script was so interesting (how the teams developed ways to combat the fires) and the interviews with the workers made the fight even more real.
5|17389| Run Lola Run is a fast moving train ride set in with great dance music. I enjoyed this movie and nearly wanted to join in with the running. I have is movie in my movie collection. This is for people who dislike reading subtitles of any foreign movie. Watch a movie of a foreign country, it doesn't matter where (Japan, China, South Africa, Vietnam.)and see how much any good foreign movie like RUN LOLA RUN can be. Don't mind the subtitles, because in the great words of CHAIRMAN YI-YI, reading liberates the mind. If haven't seen RUN LOLA RUN see it.
5|22454|Spacefights rule.
5|13851|Robert DeNiro was never better;Jake LaMotta really came back in this movie.
1|10677|Adam Sandler sucks!
1|11569| The Tailor of Panama, a spy story set in Panama after the ousting of Manuel Noriega, is a really bad movie. My husband and I saw it yesterday, and we both agreed that it deserved no more than one star. The plot is ridiculous, and the acting is terrible. Pierce Brosnan's character, a really sleazy James Bond wannabe, was a huge disappointment. I don't recommend watching this movie, even when it comes out on television. Two thumbs way down!
5|8194|I don't know how this movie isn't in the top 10 of this list. A very funny film with over-the-top stunts that both surprised and sickened. See this movie!
5|22440|This movie is the greatest. Not only did it revolutionize computer technology in film today, it started the trend. This film had everything a science fiction fan could ever want: women, sex, adventure, mystery, and space travel. tThe characters depicted in the film portrayed themselves so well it was jaw-dropping. This movie is irreplaceable and one of a kind.
1|12074|What a piece of crap made for the amusement of people who have a low enough IQ to appreciate. It was bad enough when they made the first one now there are two sequals. The next one I want to see made would be the Last Friday.
1|14405|This movie was as about as much fun as having detention on a weekend. It just goes on and on and really who cares they are bunch of brats that deserved to be locked up. A lot of people go on about how great this movie is and I don't understand that. One of the most over rated movies of all time.
1|768|Takes to long. Boring
5|16083|My favorite movie ever, you will fall in love with it. I have yet to share this movie with a friend where it has not quickly become one of her favorites. A great story, I am not the emotional type, I didnt cry with all my friends at Titanic, etc., but this one did it for me!
1|12712|I agree with everything Shroomwoman and BIG BABY said. Michael Moore presents an interesting problem: gun violence in America, and turns it into an illogical, immature, and destructive mockumentary. He lies, reports false information and uses deceipt on other human beings to promote his twisted view of our country. This film is dangrous to young minds. 
5|20531|Incredible, but am trying to find out if it is available to buy
5|23038|i've recently dubbed this the greatest Super-Hero movie I have evern seen. Second, being the equally entertaining X-men. Spidey has all the action and origin intrigue of a great hero film as well as some superbly directed shots. Tobey McGuire is clearly a fantastic choice as exuberant yet nedry shy, Peter Parker. Willem Defoe is frightening in general. He's much worse as the Green Goblin. Also, another benefit of having these actors is the smart way in which they pull off the typically comic book dialogue. Both DeFore and McGuire give the movie some classy weight...as does Kirsten Dunst. One can hope this style of film making will be a constant throughout the budding Spider-man franchise....unless McGuire bolts or they get Joel Schumaker to direct, they should be fine.
5|6807|One of the funniest movies ever. People who think this is poor humour are just to serious to find comedy in the deadly white rabbit, and all the other hilarious scenes. I mean come on, they launced a cow off a catapult! That is just hilarious!
1|2896|How this film made so much money is a mystery to me. Okay, the villain of the piece is....a big storm...that everyone knows about...but our protagonists don't care...because thar be fish in dem dar waves. George Clooney and Mark Walberg are both talented actors but not even their skills can overcome corny dialogue and a story that may make for good reading but makes for excrutiating viewing.
1|12075|Definitely should've stopped with the first one. This one was just dreadful, and the next sequel Friday After the Friday After Next will probably be just as bad.
5|10395|- I think callmetootie's lizard's looking a little limp. -
5|24030|Jason did a wounderful valiant in thie movie. I feel that he play a valiant very well and his such a wounderful and handsome actor. And should have a movie with his name at the top, instead of the bottom list. Jason is just a great actor...love you Jason.
1|16213|I fell asleep and I never saw the end. I asked a customer (I work in a video store) about it and he told me the ending. All I can say is: 1) Boring!!!! 2) What was it all about?!? Do they really think people will swallow that? 
5|13844| Fried Green Tomatoes, the quintessential chick flick, is a fantastic movie. The show alternates between two stories of women's friendship- one taking place in the present and the other set 50 years earlier in the small southern town of Whistle Stop. Kathy Bates (as a dowdy, unenlightened housewife) and Jessica Tandy (playing an octogenarian living in a nursing home) are a great pair, and they deserve credit for most of the movie's humor. The more serious side is shown through the relationship between Idgie (Mary Stuart Masterson) and Ruth (Mary-Louise Parker) who deal with a string of serious problems at a time when women didn't have many options. The acting is outstanding across the board, and the two storylines are engrossing. Even if you aren't a chick, I recommend checking out this movie.
1|2897|Terrible movie. The book was incredibly bad. Poor job by geroge clooney. under no circumstances would i suggest seeing this waste of time.
5|6806|Funny Funny Funny!
5|22327|The best!!
5|23039|The whole reason why i went to it was because of Kirsten but after i seen the movie i thought that the it was very well done, entertaining and toby did a good job as well. Good show.
5|20530|The stones are awesome. They had hits like Paint it Black, Under My Thumb, Ruby Tuesday and Satisfaction. !!!!!Long Live The Stones!!!!!1 
5|16082|This movie was first class- I loved it! Anyone who hears about this film will shrug it off as a wishy washy child flick , but as soon as they watch it, they will love it! It is a very moving story, almost as moving as Remember the Titans or the Green Mile, in which faith and hope emerge through a child in which everyone refuses to accept. And plus- it was one of the few serious films in which Jim Carrey played.
5|359|Had to go back for more! The battle scenes were terrific, the acting...!!! I laughed, cried and cringed throughout! It's comparable to Braveheart, although I could never watch THAT movie twice!
5|16096|This movie was excellent. I loved it because it was so sad and realistic. This can happen to girls these days. They get pregnant and the guy leaves because he isn't ready for a baby. I really like Ashley Jedd and that's another reason why I like this movie.
1|2883|The most God awful film I have seen in a long time. I'd rather see American Pie 2 again and that is saying alot. Halle Berry should keep her top on, YIKES! Well, for half a mill, I'd probably whip it out. What a great idea for an add campaign, SWORDFISH - starring Halle Berrie's unattractive saggin boobs! Wow, the fim makers waisted their money. And i waisted my time. DO NOT SEE THIS MOVIE!!!
5|22333|the very first movie I saw in a theater. still great. light hearted, good hearted, moving, spectacular entertainment. quite funny in spots. to bad Chris Reeve is dead. that sucks.
5|13850|Scorsese's best film. DeNiro gives the best performance by anyone in the last 25 years. One of the best drama's of all time, and probably the best drama of the 80s.
5|22455|This was the best of the lot. Montalban's energy made the movie. I always loved it when Kirk squared off ship to ship against someone, and Khan was the perfect nemesis. A great action flick!
1|17119|Ironically, this is what I said when I heard that Jennifer Lopez was in another movie.
5|18905|Love Patrcia Arquette she makes this movie sooo great!!!
5|10381|B-b-but this is such a great movie! Only thing I didn't like was Sigourney Weaver---Catherine was the wrong role for her to play. Why is this so far down? It was a crazy, laugh-out-loud movie, perfect for me since I am a crazy, laugh-out-loud kind of person! Anyone who doesn't like must just not like funny things, or else have a PROBLEM! The reviewer called alicat says it best. It is a good movie for it's time. And it's still a good movie!
5|6184|At the moment Hepburn raises her mask she is angry, sad, ellated, confused, surprised, and refined all at once. It is the most beautiful thing ever caught on film. I'll hum Moon River to myself all night now.
1|10886|Worst movie ever. Take me back to Old School!!! Pleeeeeeeeease!
5|13878|I have seen all the rocky films hundreds of times and i still dont get bored watching them it's very hard to say witch rocky is the best many people find the 5th one to be quite crap but that might just be cause there was to many of them i'm sure that if that was the 2nd or 3rd rocky film people wouldnt find it crap. what better story could you ask for but a no name guy to world icon because he went the distance with the champ. when stallone made the film he had got the idea from a Muhammad Ali fight (i cant rember who it was ali fought) but he was inspired because that Ali's apponent was taking so much of a beating and he keep cumming back to fight and avetually knocked the champ down. stallone went home and for three days strait wrote the entier rocky script he even rote the fighting manovers they where going to use. i have heard there's a 6th one comming out i hope it dose aswell as the others.
5|1833| Some tea Mr.Braitherwaight? one of many good quotes from martial arts master Bruce Lee's finest movie. Somewhat old but has improved like a fine wine with time.
1|12049|i frigging hated it. i expected total hiliarity, but i think i maybe laughed once...then again, it could have been gas. the story line was weak at best and i kicked myself for actually paying the money to rent it.
5|417|Good cast, well acted, moving, disturbing, yet enjoyable. The plot takes enough twists and turns that you remain interested despite basically already knowing the end. Exciting and moving.
5|2484|The suspense in this movie was great. It had a good storyline and you got interested in the characters and it wasn't violent. I liked that not too many people died and even though the two groups were competing against each other and even hated each other, I liked that the main character still tried to save the mean guy's life.
5|371|I think this was a great movie because there was tons of action. Not one part was boring because if you miss something, then you have no clue why they're fighting.
5|18093|I really like Misery. Yes I guess you could consider it a horror film but I think if it more as a thriller with some horrible bits in it. More of a Hitchcock-esque sort of horror. Not all blood and guts but a really drawn out sort of oh my god how awful kind of horror. It really draws you into his situation and how helpless he becomes and fearful and at the same time totally dependent.
5|8817|One of my favorite movies of all time! I could watch it a million times and still think it's funny! Wayne and Garth are just great characters, played beautifully by Mike Myers and Dana Carvey, who are two of the funniest people on the planet!
5|14865|This is my favorite movie ever! It is awesome. Denzel Washington is very good in it. So is Ryan Gosling. It's funny in some parts too.
1|3579|Booorrrrinnnnnggggg! It's hard to make a war movie that is not at least a little exciting but they did it with this one. I know war is not all guns blazing and people being dismembered. Its a lot of sitting around sleeping, eating, checking equipment and sitting around. The said no one wants to watch a lot of the afore mentioned.
5|1199|one of the best Bonds ever
5|20518|This movie made my mother feel motion sickness! It was awesome, as the Space Shuttle journeyed through space the stars seemed to pass right by us. It felt like we were moving through space, especially when we were in the Space Station and we turned about like the cameras. But the most awesome thing was looking at the Earth from space. It was just so huge, that was the closest I would ever get to seeing the whole world from that point of view. It was breathtaking. Plus the music that is played or not; even the silence in that movie made a powerful impression.
5|21606|I recently watched the Lord of the Rings; the Fellowship of the Ring. I also saw the cartoon movie version, made in 1976. I noticed that although the appearances of the characters was different, the characters were pretty much the same. This proves that the characters were not all that mutilated from the books. Congratulations to Peter Jackson for choosing his fabulous cast, especially Orlando Bloom for his fantastic perfomance as Legolas. Also to Elijah Wood for Frodo Baggins, though his character is a little on the sweet, wimpy, side in the movie in comparison to the book.
5|21160|Yellow Submarine by the Beatles is the best. They are the best smoking out music. My dad got me into the Beatles.
5|403|While the historical accuracy may not be exact, the sets were fantastic. Excellent acting, especially from Russell Crowe and Joaquin Phoenix. I also enjoyed seeing some great work from old favorites, like Richard Harris and Oliver Reed. Better than The Patriot .
5|5499|A brilliantly done film, easily one of Hitchcocks best. Full of mordant humour in addition to the horror. Hitchcock makes full use of symbolism in the movied, note particularly Janet Leigh's underwear and the stuffed animals.
5|16914|Easily the best of the john grisham adaptations.
5|6190|It's so great. I watch it all in my spare time.
5|23777|The credit showed early to be given when it is due. Mr. Smith did it again. This movie blew up the charts and rightly so. The presence of one Vivica Fox certainly didn't hurt. But the role of such major proportion being played by an African American was also a big deal by all accounts. This movie certainly gets a two thumbs up.
5|22469|One of the best Star Trek films ever!
1|4570|What I have to say will not earn a helpful rating from anyone, but I'll say it anyway: this movie was corny in places, stupid in other places, and it had violence. I couldn't find anything to like about it.
5|13887|This was a good movie. I like boxing movies and this is my favorite one. I am also a big fan of Sylvester Stallone.
5|7265|cannonball! 
5|23944|oh man what a terrific movie. This had all the qualities of a good movie. Although it could have hada better plot, the rest of the movie makes up for it
5|9248|I love Adam Sandler. He is soo sweet and sexy in this movie. I love the end when Robbie sings to Julia on the plane. and that kiss......
5|1614|The other comments in this section are pretty much right on. THE definitive serial killer movie and one of the great movies of the nineties. Performances, script, direction, everything is top-notch.
5|17439| RAISE THE RED LANTERN is RED hot like it's leading lady, the beautiful GONG LI. I loved it.
5|5472|I love Hitchcock. Also Airplans
5|11048|Me scoozie, me scoozie.
5|3003|I thought it was awsome! Brad Pitt Rob Redford are legends in the field. Uh... yeah!
5|19414|They dont make em like this no more.
5|16041|I love this movie so much that i got the movie on tape and DVD. I got the soundtrack also. I love basketball alot so this the perfect movie for basketball fans. I like the ending so much. I think Sanaa Lathan and Omar Epps did a good job in this movie. When I heard that they were going together, I was so happy but then I heard they broke and I was disappointed and still is. I like the movie alot. They even introduced her as if she was a real basketball player at the end of the movie. I liked the fact that they got together at the end and they even showed the real professional players. I watch this movie over and over. I even sleep with this movie. This movie deserves 5 stars for sure. I even went to the show in 2000 to see this excellent movie.
1|24262|Sucks, it is poorly written. The only reason to see it is Angelina Jolie.
5|21835|Remarkable in it's pacing and visually stunning, this bridge from FOTR to The King's Return is nothing short of spectacular. Fans of the story may lurch a little regarding the story changes, but PJ has done an admirable job of balancing his love for the story and his genius for making the movie fly. Gollum...well, what can I say? He LIVES! Incredible CGFX in Gollum, Helms Deep, Ents...this is a very rich banquet...enjoy it more than once!
1|17870|I will NEVER see his ABOMINATION of a film as long as I live!!!It is the MOST satanic horror film EVER!!!My 10th grade math teacher was a HUGE horror fan,but she HATED this one 'cause it was 100%BLASPHEMY!!!She says she couldn't believe they got a child to play this role!!!And my mom thinks that's tragic as well!!!Also,I cannot BELIEVE she would tell God;my FATHER f--- you!!!She outta be SHOT for saying that!!!I have heard a LOT of bad things about this GODAWFUL film!!!True christians such as myself need to stay FAR away from this film!!!Because of the subject matter!!!People need to see "The Passion Of The Christ" instead!!!
5|14656|I LOVED IT!!!!!!1
5|13139|This was the most influential movie I have ever seen. It was educational and moving. It ceases to amaze me that people who went through that are still alive. It wasn't that long ago. It was in my parents lifetime. Speilberg is an incredible director and to know that it is so close to him personally, it makes the movie even better.
1|3592|Dismal, preachy garbage.
1|20004|A painful experience. So bad, I asked for my money back on this one. Why? Just look at the title: 1000 Corpses. AND THERE WERE ONLY 937!!!! So WHERE are my CORPSES LITTLE TICKET MAN???? DO YOU WANT TO FEEL MY MENTAL ANGUISH???? I ORDER YOU TO GIVE ME DOUBLE MY MONEY BACK, OR I WILL HAVE BLOOOOOOODD!!!!
5|1166|east or west sylvester stallone is the best
5|14642|Being a dancer, this movie inspired me to exell in my ballet. it also taught me more about it, such as positions and such. The dancing was beautiful and showed how hard you have to work to get there . i would recomend this movie to dancers of ALL types. though i must say, the acting wasnt wonderful, ya know now that anorexia girl threw a fit in front of her boyfriend...that was pretty bad acting
1|2698|A very special kinda movie for a very special kinda person.. nuff said.
5|24781|The special affects were astounding (better than most high budget films) and the acting reflected the tones that a D D player speaks and acts when playing the game. I liked how they had Richard O'Brien and the Maze in Antius City. (For those who have not been out of the US, Richard O'Brien hosted a game show called the Crystal Maze)
5|8624|Sooooo funny. My favorite comedy. Stop looking at me, swan! 
5|16055|This was a good movie. I watched it twice. You can watch it with friends or on a date. It made me laugh, cry, and I could relate to it because I like basketball.
1|966|This movie was fake. Jaws really looked fake. Bad acting. It was too unrealistic. There are no sharks that eat people.
5|5466|The best Hitchcock movie. How this gets rated lower than Psycho, which is horrifically overrated, is beyond me. Cary Grant at his smooth-talking best, Eva Marie Saint is beautiful and stylish as the damsel in distress, and James Mason does a wonderful job portraying the slick, urbane criminal. From the acting to the cinematography to Bernard Herrmann's score, this movie is perfection.
5|10342|Three words...Kathey Bates Naked!!!
5|4778|Absolutely marvellous, but I recognize this film can be boring for children.
5|19400|So very creepy. Dario Argento does a great job with this one. One of my favorite horror films to date, and my favorite Dario Argento film hands down. And the score is amazingly effective!
5|3017|I THINK THE MOVIE EQUILIBRIUM IS THE BEST SCIFI MOVIE THERE IS AFTER THE MATRIX 
5|13893|It's great because it's about a super underdog who gets a break and takes advantage of it. He also gets the chick he wanted.
5|22496|One of the all time greats!
1|5849|NO ONE WAS IN THE ROOM WHEN HE SAID HIS LAST WORDS
5|7271|A great, great movie. Chevy Chase and Bill Murray at the funniest! Kill the golfers!
5|23788|This movie was beyond great. It was sad, action-filled and funnny. Little stories ran through a big one and it showed stories uniting together, stories of other countries in a truly big Independence Day.
5|17405|This is truely a great slient Horror flim!! Max Schreck is wonderful as Count Orlock it's my favorite Slient flim! Noseratu is recommended for people who want to see a good horror film this is the best version don't be fooled by any cheap remakes!! original is best!! Remember go with the 1922 version!!! You'll never regret watching this Masterpiece!! 
1|24538|this was a dumb ass movie. it completely sucked. i didn't watch the whole thing. and that dude is pretty weird looking!
5|7259|Classic.
5|6147|This film captures most of the strengths and weaknesses of that remarkable man. Scott won a well deserved Oscar, and this film broke new ground in biographies.
5|9274|SO STINKING FUNNY! I LOVE MACAULAY CULKIN AND JOHN CANDY!
5|13663|Steven Spielberg should have at least been nominated for an Oscar for this movie. This movie is disturbing, but important in understanding our history in a realistic way.
1|20986|Bad acting, stupid story, horrendous music. I hated this movie in 1988 when my girlfriend dragged me to it, and I hate it even more now when Ted Turner insists on showing it 30 times a week on cable.
5|6621|Very weird 60's film with Peter Fonda, Dennis Hopper and Jack Nicholson. Its a free roaming plotline - very intruiging camera work and sound. Jack Nicholson's character with drinking the whisky is fantastic! Great film and gorgeous motorbikes. 
1|20038|Everyone thinks this movie was based on a true story. Trouble is, It wasn't. There was no real blair witch legend in Burkittsville, Maryland. There was no local witch named Elly Kedward either. She was actually just a young Irish immigrant who wasn't even from that area! Eileen Treacle did not drown in Tappy East Creek. Her mother murdered her in 1864. Tappy East Creek does not exist. There is no Black Hills Forest in Maryland. There's no 'Coffin Rock' either. Sadly, Blair Witch is fake as they come. 
5|4036|This movie was INCREDIBLE!!!! I was laughing the entire time...of course, except for the sad parts. The movie was so great. My new favorite. Mine, mine, mine, mine! (You'll get this once you see the movie)
5|3981|This film is truly practically perfect in every way, and it's one of my all time favourites. Julie Andrews plays the part of the irrepressible nanny, Mary Poppins, extremely well. Her voice is so soothing that I have fallen asleep during he song Stay Awake on numerous occassions! Dick Van Dyke is an excellent Bert, despite his absolutely AWFUL attempt at a cockney accent. David Tomlinson is also on top form as the uptight father, George Banks. All in all, a superb film, which will make you cry and laugh at the same time. I LOVE YOU MARY! 
5|5328|Still a terrific watchable B+W movie. Get a load of a (very) young Robert Duvall! Gregory Peck is terrific. . .film does the book justice.
5|18050|Carrie and all other Steven King movies are the best horror flicks.
5|17363|touching in its simplicity. a must.
5|16069|cool
5|3995|I laughed, cried, and clapped like a lunatic at the end. A must-see!
5|2453|It was nominated for a few Oscars for a reason. Nice main plot, good subplots too. Russell Crowe did a great job in the movie. If you like historical fiction, this is a good movie for you.
5|18044|I was surprised to find that this movie is even better than Stephen King's book. But I recommend it (the book) as well. One of Brian de Palma's best!!
5|17377|Great movie. Very inspirational for girls who want to go against the grain. Great performances by the lead girl, grandmother, and the grandfather. The lead girl was nominated for an Oscar.
5|6635|They should've quit while ahead and not made the sequel. There was no reason for The Color of Money to have won any awards when compared with the original.
1|21332|A film so lame that even highly unsophisticated audiences in those horrible Times Square moviehouses laughed it off the screen. A shopworn and tired premise supported by a really limp script, humdrum score and featuring one of biggest no-talents ever as its female lead. No wonder this picture bombed and set back the trumped-up and artificial career of Mariah Carey about ten years. That bimbo isn't bad to look at, but her singing reminds you of the girl at high school Talent Night who had a couple of voice lessons. All the taste and delicacy of a jackhammer, every line imposed upon by pointless and unessential vocal gymnastics. Dreadful. Who listens to this crap anyway? The only reason this no-talent ever got to the public eye is that she dropped for that idiotic T. Mottola when he was a highflyer at Sony. Maybe there's a future for her in stroke films.
5|13111|Touching movie. Very realistic and relatable to history. Found the visualization accurate along with the plot. Historically accurate and meaningful.
5|9506|I understand that it is a highly offensive movie, but if you are willing to let yourself go and just laugh at the jokes it turns out to be one of the funniest movies around. If nothing else at least fastforward through everything, but the songs. The music makes the movie worth watching and deserving of at least a four star rating by itself.
5|15560|It is based on a true story. The story is told by one of the survivors. It shows how much love meant to Rose so that she would even fake a new life.
5|15206|Al Pacino is one of my all time favorite actors. He is extremely talented and versatile. Chris O'Donnell is also spectacular as a new comer to Hollywood when the movie first came out.
5|13677|Oprah was great in her acting and the movie has a lot of symbols that can affect our lives.
1|9097|Julia Roberts is a wonderful actress today, but 10 years ago, things were different. She was terribly overreacted in her roles, and terribly unfunny. She was unstable and nervous, and just too shy to star in movies. And Richard Gere is another story altogether.
5|17411|This movie is clear magic, and the director, Ingmar Bergman, is a creator of real magic. I loved the way the music, slowly slowly just poors throughout the story. And how he explains the carachters to gently. I love this movie! It s so fasinating to see how they make swedish christmas so alive! And, Janey_Lane, you re right. If you re not over trhe record, you haven t broke it. GO GIRL!
5|4744|The Muppets Take Manhatten is the greatest muppet movie made. It shows us that NYC is a great place to go, and that it's not so scary when the muppets are invading it.
1|13380|What's the point of this moronic movie? The acting is stilted, the jokes fall flat and the tone is typically dark and moronic. Can't compare to dramatic masterpieces such as Star Trek: Nemesis, Pokemon 4Ever, or Superman IV: The Quest for Peace 
5|14497|Not many actors could pull off being on screen for a major potion of a movie alone, and make it interesting and belieavable, but Tom Hanks pulls it off wonderfully. One of the great acting challenges of our time, and Tom Hanks lives up to expectations. He gives an Oscar-worthy performance, and propably would have won had he not already captured two other awards earlier in his career His co-star, Wilson, really stole the show and became the star everybody loves. Helen Hunt did her best in what essentially was a throw-away role, a role that was poorly written. Her photo in the locket was the real preformance here. Still, CASTAWAY remains one of IJR's favorite flicks and IJR says check it out!!
5|22125|Most of the people who saw it either loved it or hated it. it really depends on you taste. I personally thought the movie was good.
5|9937|The bomb! Wouldn't want to bring your mom though. Sometimes it seems inappropriate for kids too. The spoofs were definitely funny and extremely thought out. Usually the spoofs of other movies don't match but this movie's plot really flowed.
5|22643|to take a comic and put it in onto the big screen a lot of creative licence must be taken otherwise you get a dodgy film. you can't make a believable, serious film with people running around in bright yellow spandex. the costumes were well done, the actors well picked. you've heard all the good stuff already so... 'nuff said.
5|12958|All around wonderful film. I love it and enjoy watching it over and over again.
5|24232|i enjoyed it.
5|10197|like I said there isnt one movie with Johnny Depp that I dont like I loved it he was a really funny guy in there and yeah it was great.
5|20054|Im sorry, but IMO this movie was absolutly scary as hell. I was honestly scared for days. lol
5|11289|I thought this movie was soooo FUNNY! I cant like explain myself why i liked it but its a must-see so just watch and see for yourself.
1|12263|Absolutely disgusting movie. It's a total gross-out with no plot whatsoever.
1|10474|Road Trip is an extremly unfunny and stupid comedy starring Tom Green who is a college teacher and tell his students about his days in college and what happened.
1|4996|bad movie!
5|15945|One of the most visually beautiful movies I have ever seen. If you found it boring, there's always videogames, kids.
5|14483|I was really impressed by this movie. The story line was great with a lot of emotion.
5|22131|very few times does a film come along that changes not only the way film is made, but also to finally find a very intertaining film, and yet it is equally intelligent. It does not play down for anyone, and many times has you really thinking about the what if . This, combined with an incredible cast, makes for a classic , ironically, it's in a class all by it's self.
5|9923|This movie was very funny. I think it was clever of them to make a movie based on the current scary movies that are out. They did a good job on the movie and should release it in the theaters again.
1|7521|The Blues Brothers is not a musical....not a comedy...not a classic....it's a crap! This movie is extremly long and tired. It's never, ever funny and Belushi and Akroyd can't act in this. It's like their scripts were written by monkeys on roller skates or something. Avoid at all costs!
5|21438|My absolute favorite film! The thing that makes Star Wars so spectacular is that it is a true original. When it was released, there was nothing else like out there and i don't think anything else compares. Star Wars has become a huge part of our history and our culture.
5|16294|It definitely puts you in Awe over what Christ went through for us. It's one thing to read, it's a whole other realm of feelings to see it.
5|20726|I liked the plot of how a man tried to make a poor woman into an elegant person. It proves that anyone can become anything they want, if you try. The romance plot didn't hurt it either.
1|2471|You know, where do I begin with the pile of trash? First of all, I refuse to believe a tornado is powerful enough to whip a cow around 700 times, but isn't powerful enough to throw the truck they drive off the road. Oh, and Id swear the plot of this movie simply revolved around knocking over tornado tracking devices! Hellooooo, is there any intelligence left in Hollywood??? And I love the fact that the tornado comes, clouds are black...YET NOT ONE DROP OF FREAKIN RAIN! And if I see a tornado, I don't know about you, but I'm running the opposite direction, I sure as hell aint going to chase it down like these retarded idiots! The movie sucked!
5|7926|groundhog day is one of my top ten movies of all time(even though my top ten list has many more than ten movies)
1|16993|After watching this piece of crap from beginning to end. I find myself asking Why?! 
5|21410|best Star Wars have to love it when the bad guys win at the end. Makes a movie better
5|10815|If you thought this movie was pointless and crude, then you should withhold judging it untill you see the other 4 movies in the View Askew universe. CLERKS was the first, and introduced us to Jay and Silent Bob. There was also Chasing Amy and Mallrats. The fourthfilm, perhaps the crudest and rudest of all, DOGMA. And bringing the series to its conclusion, Jay and Silent Bob. ALl five are great, and as the series goes on, the courser and funnier the movies get. If you watch it expecting to see a great film, then you will be dissappointed. You go into a movie like this expecting crude humor, and silly stuff, then you've hit the motherload with this one. I really enjoyed it.
1|6617|This movie should have been about 30 mins long. How much motorcycle riding does one movie need. The characters don't have any real mission, they just ride. I have never fallen asleep during a movie before, but I was dangerously close watching this one. Beyond a shadow of a doubt, one of the top ten WORST movies I've ever seen. I agree with Flano, the sixties summed up in a movie, it's trash.
5|173|One of the greats.Hugely entertaining and poiniant.The battle scenes are unrivaled.
5|18291|THIS IS THE BEST HORROR FLICK OF ALL TIMES.THE CONCECPT THE MUSIC THE CHILLS AND THRILLS.-THEY ROCK UR SOUL AND STIRR UR MIND.KUDOS.
5|2686|This is a great movie. A guy's brother's in trouble so he has to steal 50 cars in 1 night to save his life. Amazing cars, car scenes and more. It made me feel like I was a better driver, and on the way home I wanted to speed and be like Nicholas Cage.
1|22388|Alien is one of the worst movies ever made.
1|6171|What is funny about this movie? Ok, first screwball comedy ever but it's not funny! How could anyone possibly laugh????? Most Overrated Movie of the 30s, one of the most...EVER. Very good movie though. 
5|615|Great story. It kept you wondering who Keyser Soze was, and when he would show up. Great acting by everyone, especially Kevin Spacey.
5|5857|In a local newspaper this was rated the best movie ever made.
5|4591|One of my favourite films as a child - it's still surprisingly original! I liked the different personality to each animal the difficulties they had to face: Especially the river! Funny warm! :-)
5|7098|One of the funniest movies out there. Check out the Frankenstein monster and Gene Wilder Puttin on the Ritz. Marty Feldman is great, too.
5|12964|It's kind of amazing that two of the best movies of the last 15 years or so are novellas by Stephen King, a man more well known for horror books (Stand By Me is the other movie). Shawshank is brilliantly written and produced. Tim Robbins is at the top of his game, but it is the performance by Morgan Freeman which is the most impressive. He is simply wonderful. Due to the number of times that this film has been on TNT/TBS, I have probably seen it 15 or so times and it has never gotten old. I can't recommend a movie more highly than Shawshank.
1|4772|What an amazingly racist movie, but then again that's the trend in most Disney films. One highlight is the song about native americans Savages, savages dirty stinkin' Indians!
5|12970|everyone that I know that has seen it have all agreed that this is truly a brilliant movie...Well acted, directed and written. Everything.
1|15530|What a sad, useless thing was created here. The acting sucked. It was porrly directed. The woman had barely any boobs. This movie totally mocked the whole concept of a boat sinking. I saw it once and had to go home and watch forty-eight hours of Back To The Future, Indiana Jones, and Rocky to clear my mind of this crap.
5|601|In this movie I love how the main character is put in a tight squeeze and is able to manipulate the police by giving them an elaborate story that was totally made up using little details from around the interrogation room.
5|21362|Still the best, still watchable, still funny, and still has a few of the best sequences in the entire 'Star Wars' series. . .The Asteroid field, Yoda's training, and Luke finding out that he has real family issues. . .it's the darkest and best of the Star Wars films.
5|5843|Of course, of course, of course, can we say anything about this film that hasn't been said? The revolutinary contribution that Welles made to the medium of the cinema with Citizen Kane has been widely, widely acknowledged and I concur but I think that what we are sorely lacking is discussion over just how damn fine and charismatic Welles himself was, WOW, is it just me or was the young Kane a sexy monkey or what?
5|17808|This movie is a classic. To this day, it has the ability to creep me out beyond belief, and I've seen it about 20 times. It proves that Stanley Kubrick could not have made a boring, ineffective movie if he tried. In any other director's hands (i.e. whoever directed that horrible made for TV remake in 1997), this could have been unintentionally hilarious. Especially with Jack Nicholson's kid-gloves-are-off performance. But Kubrick creates such a menacing atmosphere with his visuals, music and other sound effects (like heart beats) that the movie becomes something to haunt your dreams (and it will). The Overlook Hotel--number one on the list of classic horror film settings. A frightening and occasionally surreal experience through and through. 
5|4585|absolutely one of the best movies of all time. can't get enough of it. the first time i saw it i kept watching it over and over for a couple days and drove my sister nuts.
1|23082|Never have I been so disappointed in anything in my entire life. George Lucas robbed me of my sense of adventure in trade for some petty computer-generated special effects. When I watch or even think about the original trilogy I feel empty inside. Thanks George.
5|21404|Empire was the perfect second act. Star Wars introduced the characters, created the rules. Empire brings up the conflict and Jedi resolves it. From a directorial standpoint, Empire has the least lagtime. It's tight, compact with no excess wonderful stuff.
5|2692|Angelie Jolie was in the movie and she's hot. The movie had a lot of nice cars that any guy would like. Good car chases make the movie action packed and thrilling.
5|167|Have to disagree with Irish about this, but the portrayal was more accurate than he might know. The blue paint was a symbolic reference in homage to their Scottish ancestors , the Picts, The Painted Ones. The face only blue paint was, actually, theatrical. The Picts stripped naked and painted their entire bodies blue....to appear fierce...an ancient attempt at psychological warefare.
5|15979|A true story with great performances;timeless.
5|7932|Tis a very good, inspiring movie. Not sure if it's a true comedy, though.
5|7701|OH MY GOD! This movie was so hilarious I could not stop laughing the first time I watched it and I still can't help myself even after over two hundred times of watching it! Dr. Evil is so funny, and Scott Evil is drop-dead gorgeous. Austin Powers and Austin Powers 2 are my favorite movies of all time!
1|21118|'Godspell' is better, more faithful to the Bible.
1|3948|It pisses my ass off. 
5|10632|It's hard for me to find any flaws with this movie. Gene Hackman steals the show as Royal Tenenbaum - an obnoxious patriarch who is trying to bring his hysterically disfunctional family back together again. The heavyweight cast of Hackman, Ben Stiller, Gwyneth Paltrow, Owen and Luke Wilson, Danny Glover, and Anjelica Huston turn in nearly perfect performances, and Wes Anderson adds the same quirky touches that made Rushmore such an outstanding film. This movie will make you laugh out loud, and may choke you up a little as well. To give you a sense how it was received in the theater where I saw it, most people applauded when it was over. The Royal Tenenbaums is one of the better movies I have seen in the last year or so.
1|6830|prolly the dumbest movie ive seen this year!
5|20929|Fantastic with wonderful performances by all the cast. I have nothing by praise for them all, especially Nicole Kidman. She acts, she sings, she dances, she does it all.
5|19170|It all begins in a medical supply warehouse where Burt is training new recruit Freddy in the ways of running the business. Discussion eventually leads to Burt mentioning a few barrels being stored in the basement. According to Burt, they contain corpses that had at one time been reanimated. You see, Night Of The Living Dead was based on an actual event. Somehow a group of scientists accidentally created a gas that revives the dead. The military stored these corpses in cannisters and shipped them. Only problem is, they got shipped to the wrong place. Fortunately, these cannisters had an emergency phone number stenciled on them. Unfortunately, the owner of the warehouse never bothered to call it. Burt and Freddy decide to visit the basement and take a look. They end up puncturing one of the barrels, causing the body inside to melt, thereby releasing the gas. Well, this is a medical supply facility. What do you suppose they might be storing in that walk-in freezer upstairs? Oh, yes. That cadaver we were introduced to earlier. Alien writer Dan O'Bannon makes his directing debut with this hilarious, violent sendup of zombie flicks. Beginning with the above mentioned, isolated situation, whose solution creates an even larger problem, the film progresses until the entire town is overwhelmed by walking corpses. O'Bannon takes any number of elements from Romero's series and gives them a twist. The zombies are no longer stumbling into walls. In fact, they appear to be rather intelligent. When a woman escapes by hiding in a locker, this particular zombie attaches the door handles to a miniature crane and proceeds to rip the doors off. They're also smart enough to figure out how to use a CB to acquire more food. These are picky corpses, too. They don't want just any piece of human flesh, they want brains. As stated previously, this is a parody. While it does contain all the violence requisite to a horror film of this sort, it focuses on comedy. Realistic, if underdeveloped, characters make the profanity-laden dialogue genuinely funny. Other situations, such as Trash(Linnea Quigley) giving a short essay on the worst way to die which gives way to a striptease(all this taking place in a cemetery), are good moments of black comedy. Nevertheless, a love of black comedy is not required to enjoy this film. There are many other moments to laugh at. The only thing that might turn off some viewers is the level of violence. It's never excessive, but a few well placed effects will have the more squeamish viewers glancing at the floor. On the other hand, some of the violence is quite amusing. You have to admit, watching two guys restrain a formerly dead body while the third hits it in the head with a pickaxe(which has no effect, the Shape might add) is downright hilarious. All in all, whether you like horror of comedy, you're going to like this. Those of you who don't like being scared needn't worry. Not even the most timid viewer will find anything to be afraid of here. 
1|24060|The Motionless Picture. Just thinking about it makes ... me ... zzzzz
5|16243|I had wanted to see this movie but I had heard that it was in subtitles and whenever I was in the video store, I couldn't bear to get a movie with subtitles but one day I finally rented it. It wasn't in subtitles. Only a fraction of the story is in subtitles. The movie is the history of a violin through time, from the making to today. It is a great story and done so well that it keeps you attention. You really get a feel for the characters. I really recommend this movie to anyone.
5|21389|i would rate all the films in the original triology great but like most people(star wars fans in paticular) i would have to say this film is my favorite chapter of one big movie. this is were everything started getting interesting. han and leia falling in love, darth vaders stunning confession of absent fatherhood, yodas revealtion of another jedi. you get the point. still like star wars this still offered great action and cliffhanger type moments. the best balanced film of the the three. my fav part was when yoda lifted the x-wing out of the swamp accompanied by john williams powerful score for me that scene summed up the what jedi where all about as compared to empire who only used power for personal gain and control.
5|832|This movie has everything...Laughter, Tears, Screams. It is the on of the BEST movies I have ever seen.
5|5670|This is a test of the Troll Alert System: Gone with the Wind is one of the greatest movies of all time. I'd pay 20 bucks to see it a fifth time. This is only a test of the Troll Alert System. 
5|18508|This movie has set the standards for horror movies in the Nineties. The way that the movie uses comedy along with horror is a great blend of movie magic. Also, the blend of keeping the audience guessing until the end is now a classic mainstay in today's movies.
5|14332|Subtle acting of Morgan Freeman and Jessica Tandy with excellent supporting performances of Lupone and Aykroyd. Very worthwhile-and entertaining
5|7067|There are no words.
5|8354|I absolutely love Tom Hanks films and grew up watching them. This is one of my favourites - especially considering he has a childlike charm to him. Yes it is a silly film, but who said films had to be serious? 
5|14326|jessica tandy and morgan freeman and dan ackroyd were awesome. it was fun to watch the relationship between tandy and freeman grow. ackroyd plays tandys son as he tries to make sure she is taken care of despite her stubborness
1|11971|Stinker. The Scream series does a much better job at satirizing the horror genre. Scary movie 2 (or 1, or 3 for that matter), in essence a satire of a satire, has all groaners and very few chuckles. Very raunchy too,
5|16531|I thought it was a superb version of a excellent graphic novel.
5|826| Alot of respect for this film. Not the best ever but definetly well written acted and directed. I am so glad this movie came out. We needed a horror film that prooves it does not require gore,teenagers,nudity or an R rating for a great movie. What I believe to be the greatest shocking ending of all is the fact that the man responsible for this pumped out the slowest blah movie of the year, Unbreakable. Now that is a truly unpredictable ending. 
1|8809|A hillarious movie oh sure,NOT!!!
5|19164|Not as good as the Orginal flick, but this is a 5 star, it is the same concept of the first Movie, the People are inside borded up and the dead are trying to eat there brains. Good Movie
5|7715|Probably from a personal preference, but one of the greatest comedies of recent times. The comedy derived from stupidity appeals to me, as well as some ingenious jokes, including the behind the couch journeys! 2nd movie is equally hilarious.
1|3784|Two much two garbage.
5|14440|Breathtaking. Shows how one person, just one person can make a difference in life and the world. A truly beautiful piece that can ease the pain of anybody's passion for violence.
5|18252|Lost boys was a great movie well for a old one.
5|4234|Really funny!
5|20915|I didn't want to see this movie because Nicole Kidman sang and acted in it, which I believed that she could do neither. Well she has come such a long way since her earlier days of being Mrs. Tom Cruise. She not only held her own, but she had a pleasant singing voice and carried off the part quite well. I like the turn of the century setting with the modern music. The dance sequences were deftly executed and well placed. We started off with the liveliness and joviality of the can can and moved on to the dark, and sexy Tango, which tells a story within a story. There was definately lots of eye-candy, but there was solid acting to back it up from all sides. Although the basic plot was far from original, (boy meets girl, etc), it was the strenght of the actors who took it far. The tragic ending was very powerful because of McGregors performance. You felt his pain. If you have to see any of Baz Lurhman's movies, see this one and spare yourself the pain of the Velvet Goldmine (also starring McGregor). 
5|11510|I must admit that i am a fan of the original and did think that the second could not be as good, but they pulled it off very successfully. I've read the other comments on this movie and find that if anyone had watched the original they would absolutely love this and if you hated the original and its sex jokes don't watch this one. Howeverm with the crazy antics that Jim and his pals get up to will leave you laughing so hard and even has a cheesy love sentiment about it (for you romantic types). All actors pull off their performances with wit and consistency. This is a film to be enjoyed by any teenager, just don't take (what one person noted - the 'mocking' of modern teenagers) seriously. It's all in good fun and will make you laugh all over again.
5|9710|It was not complex and it was not Oscar worthy but it was FUNNY! I LOLed my ass off all the way to Las Vegas with this movie. Great casting too.
5|14468|One of the best coming of age films I've ever seen. I was highly impressed, and this film makes my A list. I was unfortunatly unable to see this film until after it came to cable. However, this film does not require the big screen to come through. The film is beautifully set, and extremely funny. This film is somewhat autobiographical, and the circumstances of the characters as well as their depth allow that to come through. If you enjoy 70's period pieces, or even if you just like a good comedy, I recommend that you see this flick.
1|11781|Entertaining I suppose, if you have a single digit IQ.
5|13461|A GENTLE COMEDY WITH A DRY SENSE OF HUMOUR
5|22864|Great movie. Better than the first.
5|8368|Tom Hanks, its a classic!
5|5894|This is one of the best, if not the best, of Alfred Hitchcock's movies. A must-see for Hitchcock fans.
5|4552|One of the few family films that I actually enjoyed. It was a charming little superhero movie. I felt that towards the beginning of the film they were trying to show how sue happy Americans have become over the last few years.
5|10168|I think it is a totally awesome movie!Alicia is great and I hav 2 give snaps 2 Stacy an Donald they were so funnyyo whats up u jeepin behind my back?ha
1|12288|This should have come with a warning. No IQ's over 80 permitted.
5|2123|'Dirty Harry' set the standard for all cop movies, though it is relatively underrated. As good as Clint Eastwood is, Andy Robinson is on par as the treacherous Scorpio. This is truly a great movie.
5|5880|I think this will be one of the all time great movie ever made. David Lean's yet another masterpiece after the bridge across river kwai . Excellent portrayal of a great man Lawrence who defies all barriers in uniting the waring Arab's under one fold. He makes the foundation of a nation for them. Peter'O Toole does an extra-ordinary job as Lawrence(unbelievable that this his debut film - how did he miss the Academy award). Anthony Quinn, Alec Guiness and Jack Hawkins, Omar Shariff-full credit to their outstanding performance. No wonder it won 7 academy awards. See the restored version and the extra footage. I would recommend this movie as a Golden collection.
5|4546|Awesome CGI film, the best from Pixar yet. The action and the clever ways the family uses their powers just floored me. By the way, is it just me or does the little exclamation mark symbol on RIA weblists look like an upside-down version of the Incredibles logo?
5|5658|Two wonderful actors!!! With such weak characters at the beginning, they make people you wanna help and support in their adventures.
5|2137|great movie. Very, very solid throughout, with good action sequences, acting, etc. How in the hell can this be rated worse than Die another day and Face/Off?!?
5|13475|A movie close to my heart, my friends and I were these kids, we did the exact same things growing up in the rural Midwest, hanging along the railroad tracks, getting in to minor trouble. An American classic movie. And River Phoenix was the best teen actor of his generation.
5|22870|Ten times better than the first one.
5|6351|The Graduate is a great movie because it is timeless. It says so much about human nature but remains simple. It also manages to be very funny. It generally draws a reaction from the audience.
5|9704| A Mighty Wind may not be as good as Best In Show or Waiting For Guffman , but it still gets my ***** rating. A Mighty Wind tells the story of a group of 60's folk singers who are about to reunite. Some have been more successful than others, but the ones that have been successful have certainly not been with their music. The characters are wonderful, the actors are amazing. Eugene Levy is oscar-worthy, as are Catherine O'Hara and Parker Posey. You must see this film!
5|13313|Saving Private Ryan was a good drama. I loved the way it made me feel like I was right in the trenches with them. The actors did a good job of making me feel their emotions. I think I really know what war was like because of that movie. This was one of the best movies I have seen. This was a very touching, very realistic movie. The reason I like it so much is because it is so realistic.
5|6437|Have seen this one several times. Great cast.
5|1358|Great film with a great cast. An extremely stark and realistic view on crime. Harvey Keitel, Michael Madsen and Tim Roth are awesome! Very original story and format. Tarantino is a genius.
5|17175|This may sound weird, but this movie made me fall in love. And it is a good movie.
5|18246|One of my favorite vampire movies, if only because I was a kid when it came out and was so much in love with corey feldman and even though he was a background player in this movie, I watched every movie he was in. First time I ever watched Keifer Sutherland, and he was excellant in this movie. I compare his every movie to this one. The story was awesome, the vampires rocked, the music was truly supurb! If you like vampire movies and have not seen this one, you need to definitely rent it, but I would suggust going ahead and buying it on DVD because if your like me, It's a must have movie.
5|2651|What a great movie this is. I haven't seen it in a long time, but I remember it being one creepy flick... two scenes in particular really scared me - the one where C. Thomas Howell looks out of the car he is riding in to see Rutger Hauer riding in a station wagon with a family, with kids sitting on his lap... you just know that something terrible is going to happen. The most memorable scene from the movie may have been C. Thomas Howell getting an order of fries at the diner only to find.... well, I won't give it away. Very scary, very well done movie.
5|4220|Excellent animation, Hillarous plot with funfilled unforgettable characters that will have children constantly beginning their parents to buy this movie on DVD. The SLOTH had me ROTFLMAO(figuratively speaking)for talking and becoming an annoyance. THe Sabertooth cat was a sly and meticulous character that makes me wanna SHOUT! This movie reminded me of Three men and a Baby. I am glad that both animals put aside the laws of nature by forming a symbiosis relationship anb becoming friends. Recommended for all ages!
5|10785|FRANK THE TANK!!! Wow...I can't believe so many people have not liked this movie. Of course it is about a bunch of worthless middle aged men, but isn't that the point of comedy...laughing at abnormal situations. Only the dumb are striving to be like the guys in this movie, but that doesn't mean it isn't hilarious.
5|21558|I've said it before and I'll say it again. I love what Peter Jackson has done. He's taken an epic book series, and turned it into 3 absolutly fantastic movies! He can take made up characters and creatures and turn them into real living walking things! Only Tolkien could create a walking, talking tree, or a place like the dead marshes. This first movie really gives us a look inside Tolkiens imagination. You really get to see what went on in his mind as he was creating these epic characters. I mean, Aragorn, Elrond, Legolas, it's all there. Then he went through the process of creating races. Like Elves who can walk on snow instead of sinking. Wizards, who fight each other with staffs. A huge eye that can see everything. Orcs and Uruk-hai. Everything. It's just incredible! Peter, then had to do the work of creating Tolkiens book and making it come to life. Elijah ,Sean A, Billy and Dom, all had to go through, putting the feet on and the ears. Orlando, Liv and all the other hundreds of extra elves went through hours of makeup- costumes,ears and contacs. Peter has done a fantastic job! This movie captures the beginning of an amazing journey through not only middle earth, but time as well. Very well done, and the next 2 get even better!
5|22051|WEEEEE-HEEE HE HEEE!! Cameron at his best and havin' a ball! Well acted, brilliantly directed, and very, very tense. Great fun watching all the marines getting creamed by what has to be the MEANEST creatures to feature in any sci-fi film. What I like about Cameron's sci-fi is that all the characters settings are believable hang together well, so that you feel this really is taking place somewhere - you really get immersed in it all. Loud, fast, eye-popping, terrifying, exhilarating - one of the best.
5|24420|Dated, but Maximillian (the big red robot) was cool. Kind of like a 50's movie in the 70's...
1|19256|Es injusto que esta pelcula est en primer lugar. Simplemente injusto. Los promedios deberan ponderarse con un ndice corrector por la cantidad de opiniones.
5|23429|A great action packed movie. A lot of drama and action candy for the eyes. The movie was actually very predictable but I liked the way Bruce Willis played a major ass.
5|14285|Awesome movie! Inspires lots of philosophical conversations.
5|22737|A great job of being as true to the comics as possible without making a silly movie. The good guys work together really well.
1|18148|The worst movie ever. It is directed by some loser Pollak director, Roman Polaksky or something. No Clive Barker, and no sign of those brilliant actors, Freddy Kruger III, Sir Jason Voorhes or J.Honeyman-Pinhead from Hellraiser. I cried when the movie ended and no one was disemboweled or tortured to death. Is this what I clean toilets all day for? To be ripped off by fancy-pants foreign Polak directors??? Where is my valium?!?!?
5|985|Platoon is one of the best Vietnam movies made. While I was seriously considering giving it 4 stars, aka Good, I decided to give it 5, because it isn't just good, it's great. The fact that Oliver Stone was in the war himself makes it that much more believable. A haunting experience that really delivers the good. The acting makes it more believable, Sheen's performance is great, as is Dafoe's and Berenger's. I recommend this highly. It certainly deserved the Best Picture Oscar. A must-see. Summary: THE 3RD BEST 'NAM MOVIE. BRILLIANT. 
1|12303|Way too far fetched. The judge had a roller coaster in his back yard, enough said.
5|991|This classic view on war is my first experience with the grotesqueness of war. The realities of what war was about and what it meant to those trying to survive through it gives you a new appreciation for life.
5|749|Mohicans is a hecka bloody movie, but its got so much emotional stuff. It throws your emotions around. One minute you're yelling Die! then you're crying. Everyone should see it.
5|20134|This was definitely a great movie. The reason being that it is very realistic. It makes you wonder about things that can happen when in the woods. I am tired of the stupid, fake monster movies! This movie was great!
5|17798|I love Jack!!
5|14291|A powerful punch of a movie. Tough hard hitting drama, with Edward Norton as the nameless star. Pitt and Bonham-Carter are excellent in support. But this is Finchers film, his direction is faultless, crafting the music, orchestrating the editing to weave his magic. 
1|19524|Couldn't get through 20 m's of this one. AWFUL!
5|13298|One of the greates movies I have ever watched. Great direction and very well documented. Shows the strength, wit and fear in a war. Documents family love and love for your country.
5|20652|This movie/musical about highschool love in the 1950's is one of the greats. Songs that stay with you for life, like, Hopelessly Devoted and Your The One That I Want bring back the intense feelings of infatuation that we all went through in high school. Truly a wonderful film.
1|11150|I want to vomit just by watching this.
5|23373|This film was better than I ever expected. I like Kaufmann's eccentric, creative and somewhat quirky style that he uses to tell stories like he did in Being John Malkovich. He doesn't go down the road of writing conventional, formulaic movie scripts and like some movie makers nowadays he breaks the rules of the routine consisting of a beginning, middle and end. His characters always have soul and you as the audience care about them. In Eternal Sunshine... the story was to do with love, but he didn't go down the route of making it too sickly, but more entertaining and very interesting. Kaufmann is one of those rare film writers where you can watch his movies over and over again and capture something new that may previously have been overlooked. Jim Carrey is so much better in serious roles than comedy and this is the third film I've seen that he was involed in that I liked. Kate Winslet continues to progress in a profession that shes almost mastered and the supporting cast (Jim Broadbent, Kirstin Dunst and Elijah Wood) were just as good.
5|15819|You don't have to look hard for the humor is this movie, but it is quite violent in sections. Geoffery Rush deserves an oscar for his performance.
5|6594|The small town setting definitely adds to the appeal of this picture. Everything seems so normal before Uncle Charlie's sinister arrival. Having said that, the characters are delightfully eccentric - I especially like the banter between the whodunnit experts, but the whole cast pleases. The script contains some real gems. Incidentally, almost ten years later the two leads, Joseph Cotten and Teresa Wright, were cast as a married couple in an entertaining little thriller, The Steel Trap .
5|64|This is one of the most important films ever made. It showed the versatility of Steven Spielberg and his miraculous ability to make movies for the masses that not only please visually, but also intellectually. Harrison Ford give the performance of his career in this exciting, fast paced and thoughtful action film.
5|21564|I cannot begin to express my utmost disappointment that Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship, did not win an Academy Award for Best Picture. Don't get me wrong a Beautiful Mind is a fantastic film, but when you look at the battle sequences in TFOTR and the amazing computer generated characters with such detail and smooth movements not to mention the honesty of the book to the film keeping characters, storyline and themes in place you can't really fault this film.
5|10961|Hysterical! I've watched it over and over.
1|14028|Just shoot this horse already. I laughed. I cried. I almost lost control of my faculties. This film is the height, the epitome of chick-flickism. The trials, the tribulations: whoa is me. If you're forced to watch it, bring some arsnic.
5|4383|On par with the first movie, but I knew what to expect with the humor on this one. It still left me in stitches. Good movie...
5|17968|This is my favorite movie of all time, because it's the ONLY movie that ever scared me! For the time period it was made it's still a great horror flick today! My favorite scene is when the girl is possesed and sleeping and her mom comes in to see her and on her stomach is scratched Help Me . The most disgusting parts are the throw-up scene, and the scene where she stabs her private with the upside down cross and rubs her mom's face in it, but I loved it still.
5|5923|Plainly put, this movie is a lot of fun! It is silly 1940's style farce at it's best. A still very funny remnant of a much kinder, much more innocent time. In 1947, the idea of seemingly harmless people committing murder was funny in it's own way because it was so far removed from reality. In 2002 it is just as likely as not to be the day's headlines. How sad. Arsenic And Old Lace , however, is anything but sad! Based on a very successful Broadway show by Joseph Kesselring, it tells the story of Abby and Martha Brewster (Jean Adair and Josephine Hull), two sweet old ladies who are angels of mercy to the sick and needy in their Brooklyn neighborhood and who advertise rooms for rent, yet never have any lodgers. It seems as though whenever a lonely old fellow with no family answers their ad, they sit him down and offer him a glass of their own special elderberry wine--a prime ingredient of which is arsenic (with just a pinch of strychnine). The poor old gentleman is then given a proper burial in the cellar, with full christain services, by their youngest nephew, who believes himself to be President Roosevelt, the cellar to be Panama, and the unfortunate corpse to be that of a yellow fever victim. Add into the mix two more nephews: Mortimer (Cary Grant), a charmingly confused fellow who happens to find out that the aunts who raised him are offing people in the parlour (He finds the body of the latest victim in the window seat by accident and does some of the funniest physical comedy in film history over it.), and a truly villainous one named Jonathan (Raymond Massey) who, along with his personal plastic surgeon Dr. Einstein (Peter Lorre) has come home after 20 years dragging a corpse of his own, and things become increasingly frantic and hilarious. Especially after a clueless cop (Jack Carson) wanders in to find Mortimer tied to a chair and about to become Jonathan's latest victim (He is not about to be outdone by his aunts!). It's true that much of the movie's humor has become dated. This is probably unavoidable in a film that's over fifty years old. Some of the referrences are pretty obscure for today's audiences, and one of the recurring jokes--Jonathan's resemblance to Boris Karloff--isn't nearly as funny to those who aren't familiar with Karloff's films (In the play's original Broadway run, the joke was made funnier by the fact that Boris Karloff actually played Jonathan. In truth, it pales a bit in the film as it is because Raymond Massey doesn't look much like Karloff.). But if you're willing to take the movie on it's own terms, ignore the jokes you don't really get (or that just aren't that funny--there are a few of those, as well), you can sit back and enjoy some great physical comedy and one of Cary Grant's most likeable performances. He is, in fact, so likeable in this movie that you never really get around to asking yourself why someone born and raised in New York talks with an English accent. It's just part of that mad Brewster charm! 
1|17247|Truly deserves a zero. Terrible. The worst.
5|1589|My favorite movie! It makes u laugh..it gives you a chill down ur spine..it makes you melt due to the gorgeous men Johnny Depp and Orlando Bloom. Depp is very very very talented and great as a pirate. He has originality and makes it his own. I LOVE IT!
5|23401|GREAT as usual for James Cameron. But, what's better, what amplifies the story and gives a closer view of all the cool characters is the special edition DVD. You get two version in one fabulous looking seal. One version is better than the other (theatrical version). Sure, the movies released in theaters had laughs and other forms of entertainment, and was heart-wrenching at the end (between actors Ed Harris and Mary Mastrontonio)... but, I prefer seeing giant waves overwhelm the coasts of all the countries, giving those aliens some sinister personality. It's a remarkable ending, with even cooler effects than those aliens themselves. I give 5 stars to the DVD.
5|21216|bette midler is the best actress 
5|775|A very good thriller movie. Very well played by all the actors. Haley Joel Osment is a little boy who can see ghosts. Bruce Willis is the Child Psychiatrist who tries to help him. It has enough suspence without being too gory. The surprise ending is kind of like a Twilight Zone ending.
5|18497|This movie was awesome. An excellent line up after Nightmare on Elm Street. A great mystery for the young generation.
5|5089|I love these 3 movies. There so awesome! I love hockey and I own all 3 of them. Besides, Josh Jackson is in them. Need I say more?
5|70|Lots of fun watching this movie. Great dialogue and action. The special effects were also very good.
5|21570|I was impressed at how faithful the movie was to the book. I noticed that some parts of the book were left out only to learn that they were left on the editing room floor. After giving it a second thought I realized that it was better this way. Seeing how idiots like axlrod2003 can't stay focused for two seconds. If people lke him were forced to endure the extra footage it would surely drive them to suicide.
5|4397|Just a wonderful movie! Lots of laughs, great annimation, Murphy and Myers were great. Antonio Banderas as Puss in Boots was a nice twist. The only part I didn't like was the Fairy Godmother. I highly recommend this one. 
1|20399|. . . I don't even know where to begin. It was so bad that if they make a sequel, I'll protest. This is the absolute WORST movie I've ever seen (to be fair, I haven't seen Gigli ). I liked the video game, so I gave this movie a chance. There were SO many things wrong with this movie. Where can I begin . . . 1) They automatically assume that a bunch of teenagers who have never touched a gun in their life can become expert at the use of semi automatic weapons and be able to handle the recoil upon picking one up. 2) Gratuitous breast exposure should be at least limited to less than 3 times in a ten-minute span, unless it's a pornographic film. 3) Why is the 15th-century captain's log typed and bound in leather? Or did the captain just have really good handwriting to write in Times New Roman, 12 point? 4) Of course all Asian girls know martial arts and is so in love with America that they'd wear a tacky outfit of the US flag, I do that all the time . . . seriously, what were they thinking? And that's just the beginning of my rant. I can't believe that someone had to first, conceive this idea, THEN think that this was a GOOD idea, THEN find someone else who thought it was a good idea to make the film. One person who walked out of the theater made a perfect comment: It was so bad I was TRYING to fall asleep .
5|7846|Very funny movie with interesting plots and characters. The cute dog, Verdel, stole the show. Loved it all.
1|19518|I waited and waited for the action that never came. This movie was slow and dull, almost as if they were writing it as they went along.
1|21087|Madonna was TOO old to play Eva Peron. No wonder Argentina was crying. 
5|6580|Excellent, powerful movie. Richard Burton and Elizabeth don't hold anything back as George and Martha. They go after each other with everything they got. One of the most volatile couples on screen.
5|14520|It's a great movie!
1|5295|Even as a child, I hated this movie. It was so dull and predictable.
5|1204|um......brilliant!
5|22092|Without a doubt the best action flick ever made. It still impresses me to watch the fight scenes in this one. The second and third installments have nothing on this one. This film seems much more singular and focused than its sequels. The use of bullet time photography has been endlessly parodied and the characters have been duplicated time and again. This is the action movie that every other action movie wishes it could be.
5|9880|I thought it was a great movie. Very well writen, raunchy and funny it's a perfect movies for us teenagers. ;)
5|16337|I think that cajunmafia should be a bit less literal. How many people actually know that? Anyway, for all you people that said that the movie was too gorey, well, there was no choice! The movie could not even describe what pain Jesus went through during that time. Sure the movie was grusome, bet it was still a great picture. All the people that liked saving Private Ryan but didn't like this movie because it was too gorey or it was too real should snap out of it. What Jesus went through was far worse that war. Some say that war is a living hell, well Jesus went through hell and took a trip back. -By the way, I think Canada Sucks should learn a little more about Jesus and God before he says things like that. This movie was not supposed to be funny!! 
1|13960|Maybe my copy is diffrent. Me and a friend watched it and we bored stiff. Last 25 minutes of it are pretty good. The rest of it will put you to sleep. Im a big De Niro fan. Thats why I got it but even he could not save this film
5|10746|One of the funniest movies I have ever seen. I didn't expect anything when I first took my kids to see it and laughed so hard I was crying (especially during the Hitler scene). It is not an Oscar winner by any means, but great for mindless and relaxing comedy.
5|5062|If you were a child in the late 80's to early 90's or even a parent at the time, you probably appreciate this film. Sure, it's corny and a bit dated now but it's such harmless fun. Amusing and quite witty for cold-blooded creatures, the Turtles will live on in hearts forever.
5|20685|This movie is a bona fide classic. At the same time, though, it's a guilty pleasure. As a 31-year old male, it's nothing I go around spatting about that this is one of the essentials, but it is. Plus, those songs are catchy and stick in your head. A doe, a deer, a female deer, ray a drop of golden... see there I go again.
5|10020|This is an excellent movie, it still makes me laugh to this day. I highly recommend this movie for the whole family. Most of Whoopi's earlier work was so awesome. I highly recommend Sister Act 2 as well. I wish they would come out with part 3, too !
5|5704|Maybe it's because I'm a historian, or because I love studying the Civil War-era, but to me, this is the #1 movie of all-time. Vivian Lee is stunning and Clark Gable is flawless. The best job of casting in movie history. In short, a perfect movie in every way.
5|946|Absolutely and totally fantastic, steven spielberg was about 27 years old when he made this movie! Amazing! The music's terryfying too!
5|6|The first of the Indy films and THE BEST. I saw it at the theatre when it first came out, having heard very little, and was thoroughly entertained. Great fun, some violent scenes, so keep away from the little impressionable ones.
5|19762|So cool 
5|7113|Hey! Where are all the white women at?
1|20414|You said it genghis; fool me once shame on you - fool me twice shame on me. But, if you did shell out actual cash to see this - please email me - I have this really cool white plastic 8 Track player - with car lighter adapter that I'll be happy to sell you.
5|8220|This movie is a classic. Everyone can relate to pining away for someone and sometimes dissing their friends for that person.
1|4835|Swiss Family Robinson was the most boring Disney feature I have ever gone through in my life. It was a very bad experience watching this film, as it tried mixing The Sound Of Music with Gilligan's Island. Nope, it didn't work Walt.
5|13529|There are only a few movies that have affected me like this one. I had to sit for an hour afterwards just to ponder what I had just seen. Amazing movie!!
5|14246|It is the true story of mathematics and economics genius John Nash and his terrible struggle with paranoid schizophrenia. He has delusions of a roommate at Princeton (where he is attending graduate school) and his niece as well as an F.B.I. agent that is supposedly making him a code-breaker to save the world from a nuclear attack in the early '50s. His mental illness is made apparent to him when a psychiatrist takes him to an asylum and gives him electric shocks to try to eradicate the delusions. He has a lifelong struggle and becomes a threat to others. He starts to teach at Princeton still is suffering. He wins a Nobel Prize in 1994 for an economic theory he materialized in the late '40s while he was attending graduate school. It really makes his delusions seem like real people so you can see what schizophrenic people really think is real and their inability to discern reality from imagination. It is a very touching movie as well as a little sad to see this guy suffer so much.
5|1562|One of the best movies I have ever seen. Intelligent and suspenseful to the core
1|20400|Turds on a stick stink less than this movie and have more substance...and corn.
5|7107|The farting by the campfire scene alone is worth 3 stars. And don't tell me you didn't laugh, cause I know you did. A classic that movies still steal from today.
5|8234|Funniest movie I've ever seen...I love the Build Me Up Buttercup scene
1|3196|never seen such a worse acting duo. Gene Hackman, king of cheeseball movies, and Owen Wilson, up and coming cheeseball king. Couple of fruits, badddddd movie.
1|11805|couldn't wait to leave this movie.
5|1576|Incredibly well made. Geffory Rush and Johnny Deep are both subperb in this. The story is interesting and isn't predictable and the special effect were awesome. (I could go on at how great this movie was or what was great about it but that would take all night!) One of the greatest movies of all time. Definatly up there with Star War and Raiders of The Lost Ark.
5|18468|Quite thrilling and suspenseful. This is not really a film to watch more than a few times, largely because knowing how it ends kills the fun of watching the movie. The film is well-written, and the acting is solid, although it could have been better. Catches the audience's attention from the very beginning and effectively keeps it until the screen flades to black. A solid suspenseful thriller that regenerated the ailing horror film genre after a long series of losers.
5|5710|IT'S A CLASSIC
5|952|A well done movie.i remember hearing that the reason why we did not see the shark a lot was because they could not get it to work. when filming. It turned out good thing. I think the anticipation of the shark coming could keep me in suspense.The actors are all good. the here comes the shark music' was great.The only bad part was I saw this movie in a huge theater for the first time. and television does not give the movie the same effect. A good movie though.
5|17983|This movie scared me at the age of ten and it still scares me at 20+. It's a classic.
5|3361|See the new Bruce Lee in movies! Awesome action-packed movie with great fighting scenes. Must see if you like Bruce Lee!
5|16323|Great performances! Great music! Great story! Briliant movie!
5|4368|The best movie of the 80's. I used to watch it all the time with my sister and now I bought it on dvd and watch it with my kids.
5|10752|MAD FUNNY!! SETH GREEN AND CUBA GOODING JR WAS PRICELESS IN THIS MOVIE!! TOO GR8
5|20691|This movie was awsume! The music was very good and the movie was very touching!
5|23398|james cameron has a great talent for entertainment in his movies. but personally, i think this is one of his finest . simply because, while it does have action and eye-candy, they are rather understated, and are no better than equal to the amazingly crafted characters. every character is very realistic with plenty of flaws, dry, workplace humor and an underlying thread of goodness. they even let you know that the bad guy wasn't really evil, he just cracked because of the underwater pressure.
1|3828|L...O...L! From now on, the title Anaconda can only preceed a porno flick. These movies are terrible.
5|1210|Entertaining all the way through. Never a dull moment and full over every emotion. QT knows how to cast the right person to get the best out of them and make a kick*ss ride out a movie.
5|7661|One of my all time favorites. Austin Powers is groovy, baby, YEAH!
5|22086|Keanu Reeves shines in almost every movie he has ever done, and the Matrix is no exception. I didn't really care for the storyline and such, but Keanu made it excellent with his Oscar worthy presence...excellent !
5|9894|Dumb and funny. Carmen Electra! Reminds me of Hotshots and Loaded Weapon.
5|20861|This is one of my favorites that I sort of keep hidden in the closet. I can't explain WHY I like this movie...I just do! I don't like disco music, I'm not a fan of Travolta, but everytime this movie is on, I sit down and watch it.
5|4340|I loved this movie. When I first heaaard about a new coumputer animated movie, I recalled the disatrous Toy Story and other evils, but Shrek really was great. Filled with warmth and humour and a happy ending. I loved the ending 
5|17015|This is one of the funniest movies of 2000! Some may not catch on to the humor at first but when you do it is a laugh riot. And for God's sake the killing is not the point of the film. It's a comedy....a dark dark comedy.
5|1238|This was wierd and fantastic. The best part was when Bruce Willis went back and killed the rapists.
5|7891|Completely original and has spawned a plethera of knockoffs. McKeon makes me howl. Smell The Glove!!
5|9664|ITs the comedy that sets the standard!
5|13273|Great movie. Almost made me cry. The D-day part was pretty sad.
5|6557|Another great classic and an even better read (as usual). Big Momma, Big Daddy, Sister Woman!! How can you not like a movie that uses nicknames like that. Paul's great as usual and Big Daddy does a great job too (whoever that guy was?). Not to forget Elizabeth Taylor.. We're so used to seeing her the way she is now and acting the role of the kinda quirky friend of Michael Jackson it's easy to forget that she was pretty talented and quite a head turner.
5|7649|How can anyone give this movie a four?! Beetlejucice is a classic. Not only was the movie great, but the cartoon was funny as hell. Literally. This is a good film to watch when you want to see Michael Keaton in his prime.
5|15602|Titanic is a wonderful movie and anybody who can't see that is either a fool or has to be somewhat hard hearted. Anybody should be able to like this movie! It's wonderful in every way! This movie does not stink at all and the acting is just great! I have a feeling that there are a lot of jealous people out there who will never be able to be in a movie like this so they unfaily try to drag it down with their rude and untrue comments. This is a great film that everyone should see!
5|15164|This must be one of the best films Tom Cruise has ever been in. His character is very realistic and has depth. Renee Zellweger is very convincing as a young single mother - and the boy who plays her son is outstanding as well. I can't think of a single actor in the film who isn't particularly good - and thats rare. The movie runs along very smoothly and the music matches the tempo of it. It reflects that society now works too hard and often forgets that there are other things in life to think and enjoy. It also points out that in the workplace, you can never really know what people think about you. I love this film, when I want to feel soppy and realise that what I have in life is so amazing (my partner, our flat, and just about everything) and I am so lucky. 
5|9102|Pretty Woman was a great movie- needs a sequel. The movie ended too soon, as there should have been romance after he got her from the balcony.
5|13515|Never in all my life has one movie had such an effect on me and my mentality. American Beauty is not an action film. It will not dazzle you with visual effects, hunky leading men, or a thrilling plot. But what it will dazzle you with is its poetic and thought provoking dialogue, its perfectly depicted story of suburban life, its subtle but brilliant music score composed by Thomas Newman, and most of all, its very impressive acting. This film achieves what many directors often fail to do. It manages to be a perfect combination of humour, drama, romance and a reminder of how we can take the most beautiful things on Earth for granted sometimes. In the words of Lester Burnham (Spacey), You have no idea what I'm talking about I'm sure. But don't worry, you will someday.
5|18440|What can I say? I like horror movies. I especially like horror movies with religious trappings. It comes from being raised in a christian family, and from years of going to a christian summercamp, where as adolescents we would lay out under a country sky full of stars (If you've ever seen the night sky in the true country dark, you'll understand this.)and speculate about the darker aspects of the christian mythos: Hell. Demonic possession (See: The Exorcist [1973]). And, of course, the most popular and spooky of all...the rise of the Antichrist and the end of the world! This one was good for hours of scaring each other stupid-- What if it happens tonight? -- If you are unfamiliar with the subject matter this all probably makes little or no sense to you, but if you are at all familiar with the wide world of Protestantism, you almost certainly know exactly what I'm talking about. If not, bear with me. The Omen (1976), taking it's subject matter from the Book Of Revelations in the christian bible, rode the crest of a wave of religio-horror films made in the seventies. There are many reasons why these films were so popular, a number of which I've already discussed in my review of The Exorcist. Basically, these movies touched people in a much more personal way than most horror films that came before. Dracula and Frankenstein were one thing...they were pretend. But real horrors, right out of the bible...that was a different matter altogether. In short, these movies blurred the line between the impossible and what, to many people, was not only possible but absolutely true. This is one reason the films broke the typical horror movie demographic--older people went to see tham as well as younger ones. Another reason was simply that they tended to feature mature, established performers who were familiar to older audiences. The Omen was directed by Richard Donner ( Superman )from a script originally titled The Antichrist . The story is that this script was turned down by every studio it was pitched to because it was too scary to put on film. I find this hard to believe, even by mid-seventies standards. Too scary would surely equate with lots of publicity and many $$$$$ to even the simplest Hollywood mind. This script was said to feature such things as Black Masses and horned demons and the like. Donner became interested, had the script toned-down, and ultimately made the movie for Warner Brothers. The stylishly made and intelligent film that resulted centers around Ambassador Robert Thorne and his wife (Gregory Peck and Lee Remick) who, after their son dies at birth, adopt another child, Damien, born at the same time in the same hospital. It's not too long until unpleasant things start happening, and Damien is always at the center of them. The film's scenes of death and mayhem are classic--a nanny (Holly Palance) hangs herself in full view of all the guests at Damien's fifth birthday party, making way for the fiercely protective governess Mrs. Baylock (Billie Whitelaw). A priest(Patrick Troughton)who witnessed Damien's birth is impaled by a falling lightning rod. People fall (or are pushed) from windows, wild dogs attack, and there is an unforgettable moment involving a sheet of plate glass that flies from the back of a truck. All of this is being followed closely by a freelance photographer, Jennings (David Warner), who has begun to notice something strange and frightening about the photographs he has taken of a number of the victims of these ocurrences. Together, he and Thorne set out to find out who Damien really is. The film is well made, and it's subject matter is presented in such a sincere and straightforward manner that it draws the viewer in and wills him or her to believe. At least for an hour and fifty minutes or so. The acting is good throughout and the violence, though extreme and often bizarre in nature, is presented in a rather unsensationalized way (It is a mark of Richard Donner's skill that he is able to do this.)that gives even the most improbable things a grainy realism. Followed by two decent sequels: Damien: Omen II (1978), and Omen III (1980) starring Sam Neill ( Jurassic Park ) as the adult Damien, not to mention a mildly amusing (to stretch a point)tv movie Called Omen IV: The Awakening (1992). Just remember (as the original North American newspaper ads for the first film pointed out) If something strange happens to you today, think about it. It might be...The Omen! 
5|2057|This was the BEST movie I have EVER seen in my life...It's a murder mystery with a GREAT ending twist! It's probably the first scary movie I've seen without nudity or language!! PERFECT for ALL ages!
5|5738|saw this movie, when it came out in Los Angeles, Calif. When we left the theater, the birds out there flying around that night, got to me
5|4426|Nick Park and his powers of imagination is an inspiration to us all. Thank goodness there are still people who believe in using their minds and reaching for the highest point of comedy instead of the lowest. Sure, Chicken Run isn't for everyone, but my kids love it and I did and it was nice to watch something together and laugh and have fun. 
5|19992|Full Moon put out many horror flicks during the 80's and 90's under the guidance of Charles Band, a very talented man. Subspecies was one of the great series of movies produced during his run. The initial film in the series was at times less than stellar, but with one major recast,( Denice Duff stepping into the lead roll of Michelle) the sequals were almost perfect. Radu would have to be one of the all time greatest movie villains.
5|4432|I have enjoyed claymation since I was a kid. I own the Wallace Gromit series and to see a new twist was great. The characters were funny and full of life, and the plot was enjoyable. You really rooted for the chickens.
5|11316|Could be one of the best movies of all time. It has everything, good story line, and it's an adventure you won't forget.
5|16479|A modern version of this classic using the original words couldn't have been done better. It was edgy, violent, sappy and dramatic. If Shakespeare was still alive, he'd approve of the updated story. The movie brings the story home in a way we can relate to without losing any meaning.
5|9116|funny badass movie
5|6225|Wonderful use of montage at the end. The director did a great job of making you side with these bad guys, a little controversial for violence, but I didn't think it was that bad, compared with today's violence in movies.
5|22904|You'd have to be an adult, I think, to truly appreciate this film, but it's a great movie. Man, I miss movies from the 70s to early 80s - the directors really put their asses into them. I'm not a fan of Spielberg's work after this, but Duel , Jaws , and this one - all superb. I love Spielberg's story - it is very well-constructed. I love the wonder the movie incites. I love how Dreyfuss drops his wife (although Garr's a hottie) and hooks up w/ the lady he can better relate to. I really admire the message of leaving the planet, how Dreyfuss is so fearless about it - like his life wasn't so great on Earth in the first place. Now that I'm older, the reunion of the kid and the single mom gets me, as when he's first taken by the visitors and she runs out the house screaming for her son. I love Spielberg's use of color. After this, his sentimentality went into overdrive and he lost me (can't stand ET), but he was still making movies for adults here, and it shows.
5|14508|Most movies Tom Hanks is in are great. This was outstanding. Possibly not so much for his acting, per se, but the reality of the movie. It pretty much showed what would happen if someone was stranded on a deserted island. Gilligan's Island it wasn't. I enjoyed the movie and the realism portrayed. I can also see how even a volley ball could become one's best friend in such a situation. (I'll bet the Wilson company paid a lot for that one, eh? Not quite as much as Fed Ex did though)
5|7885|It goes to 11!
5|20875|Who can forget his cool shoes and ultimate bell bottoms grooving down the street..or his ultra chic 100% polyester shirt that he had to cover with his entire napkin so he wouldn't get any sauce on it at dinner with his family. Travolta enveloped every aspect of the disco king. The music and dancing was top notch for the time..sure it may make us laugh now, but who didn't want to be Tony? or Tony's girl?
5|18332|This is an all time childhood thriller that is gauranteed to keep kids up at night. One, two Freddys coming for you, three, four, better lock the door......and get scared out of your sleep.
5|16848|Cormac McCarthy's All the Pretty Horses was one of the first books tackled by my book club. All of us, to a person, were dismayed when finding out that Matt Damon was going to play John Grady Cole, thinking him not much more than a 21st century Brat Pack-er. Were we ever wrong. He did an incredible job in what I think is the movie of the year. Billie Bob Thornton's direction was incredible, Marty Stuart's music was inspiring and all three actors turned in Oscar caliber performances. I am one of the few people who thought the love story got just as much attention as it deserved. I would have hated to see this movie turn into another Prince of Tides . I loved this movie.
1|12101|I never saw this movie but the stupid plot and a stupid title say it all, don't see it, it's stupid.
5|18865|This show was funny, scary, and had great music. I don't know how Naughton and Downe have not acted much since this was made.
5|13930|The trial scenes are really intriguing, especially the final one. I don't like Tom Cruise being the lawyer though. He doesn't have the lawyer-kind-of face. I hate his acting too. Jack Nicholson does a great job!!
5|22535|A great movie!
5|15399|hey i loved this movie..i take ballet to and i cant wait to buy it when it come out in video. i also thought that julia stilies was great in it. bye
1|10070|Frankly, the moon is where I'd like both Kaufman and Carrey to go. And stay.
5|22253|Still Arnold's best movie. It's very dark in tone, but it does have some small tongue in cheek moments. Once the story is set into motion, the movie doesn't let up until the very end, and you will be on the edge of your seat!
5|6972|that movie was very good thats what inspired me and my friend to ditch
1|3425|My last review of this film was so offensive that they couldn't post it. This sick testament to racist American values left me feeling so sick and cynical as to nearly provoke violence in my otherwise pacifist spirit. This is the worst film that I have ever seen, after Phantasm 2 and countless other sequels, horror schlockfests, and exploitation films . This film insulted my soul. Its paen to romance is a farce in itself, with such flat dialogue that I cannot even remember it to quote it... The female lead, Miss Beckinsale, has managed to feign likability eben in the face of her despicably empty foray into quick sex in public, something that I KNOW is viciously empty in itself. But the act is romanticized! The cinematography and unnecessarily sexy setting alone are ridiculous. When Mr. Hartnett inevitably lays down his racist, war-mongering life for the good old USA, I was moved to laughter. The constant stream of racial slurs delivered by our heroic boys are evocative of the wonderfully propagandist flicks of the war era itself, and their stupid patriotism is so empty as to insult anyone who has ever laid down their life for any country. This is the perfect antithesis to Arlington National Cemetary, to Saving Private Ryan , to the young, innocent dead! I have never felt guiltier for my nationality, not when standing at the Smithsonian looking at the tribute to the Japanese oppressed by our people in internment camps during WW2, whose plight was caused by those empty fools who share the morale professed by this sick, sad film, not when reading of the conditions of the slaves whose oppression was enforced by our former presidents. The film left me so ill as to wish the death of the touching conclusion's little boy in Vietnam, being brought up in the vein of his dear daddies, doubtless to become one of the crouching, slurring monuments to blind racism, running through the grass with an automatic weapon and a desire for the blood of an unseen foe, and certainly not enjoying the kill 'em all glory that his fathers managed... When he is blown apart by an unseen mine, I wonder what Mr. Affleck's character would do... Erect a monument to his heroism . Sick. This film is a sick, war-loving void, whose romance will doubtless result in the philandering of countless impressionable young girls, and whose racist violence is eerily reminiscent of the modern national sentiment toward the Afghanis... It's okay to hate, kids! It's okay to kill... Okay... This is the most insulting, most vapid, most vile film in my realm of experience. Blasphemy, cruelty, madness and publicity. A bloated, painted devil-whore.
5|8787|This movie is a social psycologist's dream! The acting was terrific, right on target, and together with a great screenplay you have a top-notch movie. Christopher Guest is brilliant and this movie deserved far more attention than it received. It will become a cult classic, much like Spinal Tap and the Monty Python movies. If you like movies about real people, this is your movie.
5|20444|I havent seen this since I was a kid, but at that time it was the scariest thing I ever saw.
5|239|Great storyline and great acting. Mel Gibson is a savage and I loved the battle scenes. It was also a very sad and emotional stroy that made me think a lot.
1|12667|Every now & then you happen upon a movie like this on HBO or some other 'movie channel' and let me tell you -- this is about as unwatchable as Mike Myers as 'The Cat in the Hat'.
5|11841|This is a really great movie!I totally agree with Frankiefanatic04! Of course this person is my best firend!!This movie had a weird plot and was hard to follow, but who can pass up three punk rocking, beautiful,fashionable, funny girls? This is one of my favorite movies and the music makes me want to rock the night away!!!! C ya lata all!
5|21982|Only the book is better than this film. Not only is Andre the Giant allowed to play a rhyming ex-wrestler, but Billy Crystal also makes a cameo appearance. If you don't enjoy jokes, sword-fights, a giant man, or eating rodents, there are Disney films waiting for you in the children's section.
1|1232|Absolutely terrible movie. Retched. Not worth anything at all.
5|20450|Outstanding. Does a great job of explaining what a training cycle at Red Flag is like, with an emphasis on aerial photography. And any time you can see aerial photography in the IMAX format, you know you're in for a treat.
5|21996|Wow, I thought i was the only one that loved this movie. Guess not...
5|23159|A well done movie that didn't need a sequel. Clancy Brown deserved an oscar for his work as the bad guy. That scene in the church is too funny. Nuns....no sense of humor.
5|22247|Really a classic, lovely movie that is still good to watch, of course great actors in it too
5|8793|This film is a true gem. It's one of the best quasi-documentary send ups I've ever seen. Don't let the subject matter fool or deter you, see this film!!! Dutchvu 
5|12384|hella tight, but too short
5|13924|Love the story. Intense. I can watch it over and over again. I love Tom Cruise and Jack Nicholson.
5|24150|Jurassic Park wa a tight movie about bringing back once extinct dinosaurs. It is highly unlikely that this could happen though.
5|4817|I love this movie. David Spade, Eartha Kitt, Patrick Warburton and John Goodman are all the perfect choices for the characters they played. The movie is funny, well-paced, beautifully animated, and very entertaining. Watch it!
1|12115|Adam Sandler sucks!
5|21028|What an amazingly complex and great movie! I've seen this movie at least 30 times over the last 20 years and I always see new things and have new realizations. The DVD version with comments by Waters and Scarfe demonstrates just how much thought was put into making sure the movie stayed true to the vision and the message. Summary: The quality of the music goes without saying, The Wall is a Floyd masterpiece. The animation is powerful. The acting fills out the characters, and the entire concept, with it's stories within stories and multiple layers of meaning, stretches the mind. One caution, though, the topic is depressing, and it helps to be VERY familiar with the lyrics and music of the album before seeing the movie. Also, you really need to watch it more than once, and watch out for loops of time within other loops of time... the story line is NOT linear. ENJOY!
1|17045|There is a real David Gale up here in Canada he wasnt pleased they named this movie like that he is the host of a cooking show called Loving Spoonfuls syndicated but luckily the film tanked he wont be associated with such a terrible character like Spacey portrayed
1|11434|Okay, so this was 2 hours of my life I'll never get back! I'm sorry, I just didn't think this movie was funny at all. I didn't laugh (or even chuckle for that fact) once. It just really didn't appear to have much of a plot. The acting was mediocre...but, to me, it seemed like they weren't familiar w/ their lines or the directing bad or something.
5|24178|bruce willis is cool and ben afleck is hot. liv is a great actress-how could it be a bad movie with this crew-and dont forget billy bob thorton!
5|18681|This is on of the top 5 greatest horror movies of all time!
5|563|Great film, and well made too.
5|2296|Powerful. Gripping. Horrifying. For a true study into man's inhumanity to man, The Killing Fields will not disappoint. The startling images of the Khmer Rouge's rise to power in 1970s Cambodia combined with the story of the bond of friendship make for the most provocative war movie ever made.
5|3188|Based on John Grisham's popular novel, The Client largely delivers as a suspenseful thriller. The plot revolves around young Mark Sway (Brad Renfro) who witnesses the suicide of a big time mafia lawyer. However, before the lawyer commits suicide, he confides in Mark and tells him the location of the body of a missing Louisiana senator. What follows is a thrilling ride, as the mafia seeks to silence Sway while ambitious District Attorney Roy Foltrigg attempts to find out what the young boy knows. Meanwhile, Mark seeks the help of an inexperienced lawyer, Reggie Love (Susan Sarandon). The film is quick and thrilling, with very few slow moments in between. Solid performances by all involved, especially the young Renfro, puts The Client over the top as a crime drama/thriller. Overall, The Client is highly recommended.
5|4181|I use to watch the movie everyday
5|21766|I think this was an amazing movie. The best Lord of the rings movie ever. The huge battle was just breathtaking, I've neven seen anything like that before. Peter Jackson left a legacy and I could watch that movie every day. One of my all time favorite.
5|20478|I have seen a bunch of IMAX movies and it's always a great sight, but this movie really brought out what California is all about. Also, it brings out how Californians are innovative and unique. Super great shots of spectacular sights with extreme people doing extreme things in these sights. Eye candy.
5|6796|The anthem of the 21st century techno-geek (like me :)! Great movie, terribly funny. I'm not a fan of English comedy but this is the shining exception.
5|23171|A wonderful movie, exchanges between the Darko family are well orchestrated and funny. The plot was very thought provoking and the characters are well developed. For those who say it lacks in entertainment, it requires more than a seventh grade education and a white picket fence with a beautifully manicured lawn to appreciate.
5|8963|I really liked this movie. It was funny but it actually had a really good, deep point with it too. Jim Carey is great, and he really shows off his talents in this one.
5|14905|This movie really depicts the devotion our ancestors portrayed while fighting the battle of freedom. No obstacles were able to stop them. It truly exemplifies what a real patriot is.
5|6782|WHAT...is you favorite color? Yep, another movie that can start a flurry of quotes that aren't funny in any other form. Hilarious if you are a Python fan.
5|23165|i've seen this movie over a hundred times. it was a bit of a ritual for me and my friends back in high school. it is one of the best fantasy movies of all time. beware the sequels, though; there can be only one.
5|8977|It was soooo funny I saw it the first day it came out and then two days later!
5|14911|Mel Gibson was great as always. I really didn't find much wrong with the movie. Actually, I couldn't see ANYTHING wrong with the movie. I didn't see any mishaps or mistakes. So, if as movie is near perfect, it deserves a five! Heath Ledger was surprisingly good. I had only seen one movie by him...
5|4195|I enjoyed this one thoroughly. Had a great ending and the voicework of John Goodman and Billy Crystal was perfect.
1|13551|Early on, I realized that the title, among so many other things about this movie, was meant to be sarcastic. It's obvious from the opening scene that there is not going to be anything even remotely related to the word beauty involved. In fact, had its creators been looking for a more descriptive straightforward title they could easily have come up with The Ugly American . After the initial shot of ugly, my brain, conditioned for such occasions long ago in the 60's and 70's, starts telling me that I will now have to switch into the late 90's, hip, nihilistic, black comedy mode. Then I remember, Whoops! I think my warranty on this mode ran out sometime during the 80's! The result is that now, when I'm faced with this brand of tripe I find it harder and harder to forgive the movie makers for several things. Number one, I can't forgive them for insulting my intelligence crud is crud even when it wins three or more Oscars. Number two; I can't forgive them for taking my money in exchange for this crud even if I did wait to see it at a cheap seats theater. Number three - and this is the big one - I cannot forgive them for their basic statement that because they have found yet another artistic witty, and original way to present crud and, in the process, also managed to convince a panel of lost souls that they deserved national recognition for it, that we should all grow up and thank our lucky stars that these forward thinking artists have given us something with which to be entertained, educated and dog-gone-it, perhaps shed yet another layer of that pesky morality thing that seems to keep popping up as it continues to die. In other words, if you're really with the times you will genuflect to the golden statue as you swallow this crud regardless of the fact that it stinks on ice. Pardon me while I get my gag reflexes under control. Unable to ever switch into the proper mode, it was easy for me to see the direction and ultimate destination of American Beauty . It starts out ugly, moves quickly into even uglier and ends with a violent, crashing, ugly grand finale which makes War of the Roses (Michael Douglas, Kathleen Turner) seem like a little, domestic squabble. Since viewers are treated to generous portions of perversion, violence, psychotic behavior, irritating teenage angst, pathetic mid-life crises, and a three-layer selection of dysfunctional families, there is a little ugliness for every age group and personal taste (or distaste). Add to this the fact that not one character in the entire film has even one redeeming characteristic or the ability to elicit the slightest bit of sympathy and you have yet another great reason to NOT go to the movie theater. 
1|9646|Should have been called Dumb and if you pay to watch it, you are even Dumber! Most comedians don't know the difference between inspired lunacy and the regular, tasteless kind and this is definitely the latter.
1|15120|I rented it and fell asleep.Boring and silly. One of the worst movies I have ever seen.
1|15646|Shakespeare in Love is the most overrated film. It had a stale plot and bad acting. I don't think Gwyneth Paltrow deserved an Oscar for this movie. 
1|12129|NOT EVEN WORTH TAKING OUT ON VIDEO!
1|17051|About a bunch of teenage or teenage-wannabe potheads... bah humbug.
5|1760|awesome!!!!
5|8022|One of the five funniest movies of all time, due in some part to great writing but mostly due to the fact that Bill Murray is hilarious. Put anyone else in that role and you have a movie that's barely above average. Who else could have pulled off that Old Yeller speech at the end of basic training? But the best scene in the movie has to be when Sgt. Hulka has them go around and introduce themselves... There was one?
1|3380|This movie SUCKED!!!! Pretty boys do not make a movie good.
5|12435|I really enjoyed this movie! A great amount of action, fun for the whole family! 4.5 or so might be a better rating, but overall it was very entertaining. I'm not a big fan of Nicolas Cage, but it's easy to forget about him watching this movie. Engrossing, and Riley was hilarious.
5|3177|This was definitely one of the best movies I've seen in a long time. The time just flew by. I can't wait to see it again and will definitely buy the DVD as soon as it comes out.
5|5506|Kudos to Janet Leigh who just died today. Her acting in this film was magnificent. Loved the ending; this is a masterpiece of a pyschological thriller.
5|10222| I loved this movie. I think it was great that she followed her dreams. It tells a great story. It one of the best movies ever. 
5|18118|The walking dead taking over the town and trying to get at the living and eat them, scary stuff. The whole borded up windows and trying to think of a plan to get out of there situation , by givin options of going into the basement or staying upstairs or just flat out running. I personally would have went in the attic, but hey that is just me. Cool movie it is worth the 5 stars.
5|5260|This is a great movie. Here something to do with OZ. On the third lions roar on the MGM Logo, start the album Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd. If you timed it right, When Miss Gulch is riding her bike to the Gale Farm, a bunch of clocks should be chiming, the song Money should start when it goes to color. Just listen to the words in the song while watching the movie and I think you will enjoy it.
5|10544|This movie changed the world, the history the film industry! Showed us something we hadn't seen before! One of the few things that still give me Christmas feeling! And it's still one of my favourite comedies as well as family films! And yeh: Macaulay Culkin is absolutely fantastic! :o)
5|21799|Does anyone really think that Chicago is even in the same league as this masterpiece? F'n sad. One of the best 3 or so hours I ever spent... except that party where I met that chi... never mind.
1|7680|Totally unfunny movie that had perhaps two decent scenes in it. This garbage is best suited for the mental retards who think Adam Sandler and the other imbecile, Jim Carry are a hoot. George W. loves this movie, which tells you alot. The only saving grace of this film was the art direction. As for the rest, pure dreck.
5|22290|a great movie,like a lot of Crichton's books ... Spielbergs done nothing special apart from copying the book, and the product is awesome 
5|8744|The funniest movie I have ever seen is American Pie. It shows an accurate view of life of high school boys.
5|1006|A blast! Bought the DVD set. Great comic book escapism. Alan Rickman was terrific.
1|5097|Has anyone else noticed that ever since this disasterous movie came out, the Rugrats show has been downright awful?
1|17904|I did not find it scary. I thought it was funny, but must admit that Linda Blair was totally convincing as Hillary Clinton.
5|15428|Save the last dance is the Grease of 2001!
1|20164|CHRIST ALL MIGHTY! WHAT A PEICE OF COW DUNG!!!! If the original IKWYDLS was not enough to send you home rushing to the vomit bag, then this should do the trick. There is no reason to see this movie. It is boring and totally unbelievable.This picture even holds itself above the audience by believing that we don't know the capial of Africa. What? Are we all morons! We are intelligent film goers. If you have any self respect, stay far away from this wet fart of a movie. 
5|13059|The all time best movie. There is not one flaw with this film. Every detail was so meticulously reproduced that the film's realism is enhanced to the n'th degree.
5|14736|The movie turned out to be a lot better than I thought. It has a lot of comedy with a good story to it.
5|20493|For music and animation lovers, this is your movie! Each animated story was different and interesting and was matched perfectly with beautiful classical music. Watch it at the IMAX Dome theatre and you will see what I mean.
5|5274|A good imaginative movie.Dorothy gets caught up in a tornado and ends up in a new land where she meets Munchkins., a bad witch, Glinda the good witch, Scarecrow, Tinman, the Cowardly Lion, Along with her new found friends she and TOTO go off to meet the Wizard so he can send her home. they have to deal with the bad witch along the way. There are some good songs in this movie, Especially Somewhere over the Rainbow one of the most famous songs ever. A wonderful fairy tale. Judy Garland is perfect as Dorothy GAle.All the actors are good.We still like to watch this movie every now and then.One of the best fantasy movies.
5|10550|As with most Reese Witherspoon flicks, the key word is cute. This movie was a pleasant surprise. The actors were all talented that charmed you. The typical, sweet story of country girl goes to the big city, lost love and having to choose between the two worlds. Predictable but the joy of it is that you want it to happen predictably...with the happy ending.
1|9861|More sickening then scarry. It just seemed like one big sex scene for about half the movie.
5|16121|A moving story. It's one of my favorite movies of all time. Splendid.
5|19212|One of the cooolest and dirtiest vampire films ever made! I love this movie for it's originality, brytallity and crudness. This film doesn't care what the hell you think of it. It is here to be here. To give those who love it pleasur and those who hate it emence disaproval. I marvel at the work that had to have gone into makeing a horror movie this inventive and frantic. Written by the master of original brilliant hardcore scripts and Robert Rodriguiz who is a fearless risk taker when it comes to taking on different styles of film bring this edge of your seat horror action extraviganza to life. I love this movie to death and find its unrelenting gore and humor a refreshing change of pace from todays Scream movies and I Know What You Did Last Summers. HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. Of couse, like most Tarintino stuff, it isn't for everyone.But those of you out there who can keep your minds open and like crazy,psycho,sicko horror films will adore it.
1|15861|A 3.5 hour waste of time... very disappointing! Though the cast is wonderful and the acting is awesome the storyline rotted. I watched waiting for the lives to entwine or coincidence (as portrayed in the beginning) to occur and was left empty with too distant connections. Alot of off the wall incidences that spoiled what you would view as a serious movie - each character singing the same song and a frog shower... pooh. Good music throughout but I could buy the soundtrack for that - without wasting so much time!
5|11128|Really funny the whole way through. Jim Carrey puts on a great performance. Your stomach will hurt from laughing. Have a good time.
5|5512|A brilliant Alfred Hitchcock masterpiece. Dynamite script. Hooks the viewer from Bernard Hermann's excellent opening strings. Norman Bates is not just a one dimensional psycho, he's complicated, vulnerable, and the viewer almost feels sorry for him. Fantastic performance by Anthony Perkins. Marion Crane(played wonderfully by Janet Leigh) is not just an innocent victim either, the fact that she's embezzeling money makes it even better. The famous shower scene, no matter how many times one watches this movie, it still manages to shock. The scene where Martin Arbogast is murdered is actually more heart pounding, a testament to Hitchcock's genius. A classic thriller/horror that many others don't even compare to.
5|10236|Very predictable storyline and plot, but it was still a very good movie. Great line dancing in the movie. It had a good enough ending.
5|17559|This movie was awesome, most especially because of the incredible performance of Isabelle Adjani.
5|588|This movie was so witty and clever. Kevin Spacey couldn't have done a better job at playing the part, and I can truly say, I did not waste ANY of my time, at ANY point in the movie. There wasn't one scene in which I was bored in. I was anxious to find out who the big bad guy was . :o)
5|1774|Edge of your seat nail biter...
5|9328| Who Framed Roger Rabbit was not only a classic and hilarious, but Jessica Rabbit could do it for any male. Who cares if she is a cartoon?
5|24193|Robin Williams was great
1|10919|THIS MOVIE WAS TERRIBLE AND VERY DISAPPOINTING.
1|15849|I thought this movie was a waste of time. The acting was ok, but the story line was was ridiculous. What was w/ the singing? I don't think I could have stood another minute of Tom Cruise singing. His caracter was incredibly annoying. I can't picture Tom as a womanizer.
5|18642|Very good acting by nicole and the storyline was superb. Keeps you riveted until the end.
5|14078|wow, not just a baseball movie. I loved it for a variety of reasons, but I really think that 'baseball' was just a vehicle for the expression of sorrow, regret, and reconciliation between a father and a son. Watched it maybe a dozen times, the last 20 minutes always chokes me up. We all look at our parents differently when we get older. We usually get an opportunity to mend fences. Kevin Costner's character had no way to reconcile with his dad, except thru the field of dreams. James Earl Jones is great in a supporting role and provides many, many great quotes in the final scenes of the movie. 
5|9300|Great in it's time. A little out-dated now but a classic in my book.
1|17086|There is no point in this movie.
5|15366|David Lynch's dark, yet tiumphant, rebound from the Dune disaster. Dennis Hopper's performance here is justifiably legendary.
5|15400|This movie was great!!! I enjoyed it very much, and I wouldn't mind seeing it another time. Maybe a 3rd and 4th time also. Thats how much I loved it. *'Meoshe'* 
5|13071|Great, got to be a 5.... moving stuff.
1|11391|Why oh why? I would much rather watch the original Mr. Deeds 10 times in a row, rather than this forgettable piece of trash.
1|12840|This sucks. Didn't the same guy that made that first Biggie and Tupac movie make this? I thought it was amateur filmmaking. This investigating director should be working for 'Celebrity Justice' or some sh*t.
5|4142|Without a doubt one of the greatest children's movies ever made. A very strange,charming and even dark movie. The musical numbers are incredibly catchy and the oompa-loompas are funny as all hell. Gene Wilder and his dry synical sense of humor in the role of Willy Wonka is great and makes the movie. A wonderful fantasy for the entire family. HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
5|16109| Wall Street is a really entertaining movie. Michael Douglas' performance as the greedy corporate raider Gordon Gekko really made the film, in my opinion. His ruthless manipulation of people and money seemed completely realistic, and he also looked the part, with his extravagant wardrobe, trim physique, and deep tan. I loved the scenes where he spoke memorable lines such as, If you want a friend, get yourself a dog. and If this guy owned a funeral parlor, no one would die. Charlie Sheen also put in a solid performance playing an ambitious Wall Street stockbroker trying to make it big. There is never a dull moment in this movie, and it's worth seeing several times for the dialogue alone.
5|2527|Brilliant plot, lots of action- you really get caught up in it all. This film is at the top of my favorites list.
5|5248|This movie is sheer perfection without all the computer generated special effects of today. It is a classic.
5|21969|I thought I would never find anybody who didn't love this movie but then came my brother-in-law I guess he just doesn't like fairy tales. If you require intense serious dialogue and plot schemes this isn't the movie for you. However if you have an imagination and are young at heart you would think this was one of the top ten movies you've ever seen. Swashbuckling, pirates, R.O.U.S., a beautiful princess, a witty hero, a dispicable villian, revenge, Peter Falk, highly quotable lines. What more can you ask for in a movie. How anybody could give this movie less than five stars is INCONCEIVABLE!!!
1|12854|Most people would rather spend their money on the latest volume of Girl's Gone Wild .
5|6999|Cult Classic or Great Comedy. So many great points and lines in this movie.
5|15414|I thought that this movie was the best that I have EVER seen and Sean Patrick Thomas was wonderful along with Julia Stiles. Everyone in the world should see this flick.
5|6741|No matter how many times you watch it, you will never stop laughing. The all star cast is great and the plot is so unbelievable that you just keep coming back for more. The characters have many weak, pathetic attempts at finding the money. Some scenes in the film will never die, and whenever you need a good laugh I can guarentee that you will always remember this film.
5|13065|coppola is one of my favorite story-tellers
5|6027|Stanley Kubrick was an artist, it is quite obvious. He knew exactly how to push the right buttons. With Dr. Strangelove, he pushed as many as he could and still made a very controversial, very ludicrous, very sardonic piece of cinema. But, we cannot place the brilliance of the film at Kubrick's feet alone, for there are plenty others who deserve just as much credit. George C. Scott is brilliant as the often eccentric U.S. general. Peter Sellers, in all three roles is as funny as one can get (athough I think Scott was much better than Sellers here). Sterling Hayden's Col. Ripper is so clearly insane, it is hilarious to hear him talk of the Soviets draining us of our precious fluids. And of course, there is the bomb sequence. Words cannot begin to describe how insanely over-the-top, yet brilliant that scene is! Dr. Strangelove is a great film. Certainly, one of Kubrick's best, and a candidate for one of the greatest movies ever made.
5|15372|Julia Stiles was just excellent. The music was wondeful, and the acting was pure art.
5|17565|Antonioni's best.
5|7301|A classic comedy from my childhood era. Still love to watch it especially when it comes on unexpectedly on a weekend afternoon and I get to sit around snacking and laughing at all the wacky antics all over again. It's like an unexpected gift that you enjoy even more because you didn't know it was coming.
5|12425|A truly excellent movie from Disney. Mixing slick direction, great acting, an excellent and fascinating plot with great humor, this movie is a success from beginning to end. The plot and the progression of that plot is quite interesting and includes several great twists. Nicolas Cage leads an excellent cast which also includes Christoper Plummer and Jon Voight. I also love the pro-democracy vibe such as when Nicolas Cage looks in awe at a particular line that basically boils down to whoever has the power to do what is right has the responsibility to DO what is right. That's so true! Also, the ending is definately MY kind of ending!
5|1770|Daniela Bianchi is wonderful. I think Lotte Lenya bought her shows at Payless.
5|10232| Coyote Ugly was one of the best movies ever! Granted, speaking as a guy, I don't really have much bias given the girls, but at least it had a plot, and I'm thankful for that. My suggestion to you is if you like attractive women, and romantic comedies...I would definitely see this movie!
5|5516|THE BEST OF ALL TIME DAMNIT THE SCARIEST OF ALL TIME NORMAN BATES KICKS ASS OH GOD MOTHER BLOOD BLOOD STOP IT MOTHER STOP IT I WONT KILL U DIRTY DIRTY BOY ARE U SASTSIFIED WITH UR CABIN
5|3167|I wanted to murder Dern's character in this movie he was such a bastard! I could really feel the intensity in this movie. Great!
5|4608|I really respect my fellow reviewers but I think that because some of you love the source material so much (Rowlings books) you may be being unfair with this movie. When a movie director adapts a book into a movie he does have a certain responsabilty with the fans of the book but the movie he is about to make is his vision and not the authors. What Chris Columbus did on the first two harry potters was to adapt the books so faithfully that watching the movie was the rough equivalent of buying one of those tape recordings of books and, if you get my meaning, watching it. It was, in a way, too faithful. And it was, also, a much easier job than adapting Prisoner of Azkaban. Not only is it a much more complex book because it juggles with many subplots but it is also a larger novel. In adapting it Mr. Cuarn obviously had to leave some things behind like the quidditch subplot (that some may miss) or the reason for Snapes grudge against Harry (which, in my opinion, takes away the mystery of Snapes character). The movie in itself is condensed. Compared to the book, it does feel like it rushes too much at times. Nonetheless it is a brave re imagining of the Potter world and of its characters. The acting is much better, the kids are no longer stiff (like they were in Columbuss first two movies). And I loved the visual elements in it. I think its a great movie. Theres a sort of aura of nostalgia around it. I liked the way Cuarn worked with the emotional parts. Etcetera. I really thought it was a great movie and should not be judged because it left out some things from the book. It would be like criticising The Lord of the rings. Anybody who has ever read Tolkiens books knows that Peter Jackson left out a huge deal of stuff from the original trilogy. But, hey, thats why it is called an adaptation people!
5|21789|I loved this movie, even more than I loved the first one. It is fun trying to spot friends in it and the odd famous person I have met. And it is good to know that this level of achievement can come out of my school. Great Movie
5|18108|George Romero is the best Zombie Director of all time. Even though this movie is old and out of date, I would watch it over and over, almost everytime it comes on. With the black and white format, it is just so much more scary. I should say creepy, because its not really scary, its the creep factor that makes it fun.
5|20497|This is one of the best imax ovies I've seen. The music was spectacular and the animation was very original.
5|21951|My absolute favorite movie of all time. I can watch it anytime and get sucked into it. The love story is beautiful, the revenge story is classic and the humor is brilliant. Anybody want a peanut?
5|5270|One of the best!
5|6779|i just got a shirt the other day with the black knight with out any limbs and in big red letters it says " its just a flesh wound" the ppl ofmonty python are truly amazing. gods of comedy. no where else could having the big monster be defeated because the animator died of a heart attck. any wehre else and it would have failed. not monty python pulled it off, and they rock for it
5|14732|I enjoyed seeing female actors in strong roles. The movie was a good vehicle for Julia Roberts to strut her stuff.
5|1016|A classic shoot-em-up, kill-the-bad-guys movie that should rank up there with Dirty Harry. It ranks #146 out of 250 films of all time on imdb.com -- The comedic one liners are skillfully written into a predominately violent movie. This was also a make-or-break movie for Bruce Willis to see if he could break out of the Moonlighting TV show mold. He did it flawlessly and became an A-list actor.
5|22280|imaginative, interesting characters, great looking dinosaurs. no problems here.
5|12343|Just like the videos I own. Funny and cute.
5|13049|The drama movie Godfather is the best movie ever. It lays out the storyline very clearly and sets up the scenario for sequels. The story is genuinely interesting.
5|14726|This movie was cool. I really felt for the victims of PG E's conspiracy. And I was really glad that Erin was able to expose them. Great story and acted well. Julia is the bomb!
1|5093|Is it possible to ruin a great franchise with a single stroke. History has taught us so and this is a classic case of that phenomenon. When you start adding new and horrible characters like Dil things start rolling down hill pretty fast. This makes another franchise Nikelodeon has totally ruined by putting it on the big screen.
5|1002|The greatest action movie ever made.
5|8998|I'll have a bloody mary, a steak sandwich and ...a steak sandwich
5|22294|I found Jeff Goldbloom very intense in his part, I thought he and Sam Neil made a great team and I hope the fourth one has both of these excellent actors together again.
5|7473|This is a great film. If you have never seen this movie, shame on you. It is very funny.
5|12357|This movie paints an incredible picture of a gambling addict. John Anthony (McCoughnahay) is a stellar ex-college athlete who's career was ended by an injury. The guy sits around an office and is more or less miserable when he catches a big break due to his knack for sports gambling, and he goes from basically a farmboy to a NYC hot-shot overnight. He rises and falls quickly but he's not the guy with the problem - that's Walter (Pacino). He lives not for the thrill of victory but for the defeat. He explains that gambling addicts are not actually addicted to winning - it's losing that they crave. It's that moment when you know you've got it all on the line, everything you own is riding on one bet...nothing can match that high. Renee Russo is excellent in her supporting role as Walter's wife who refuses to give up on him.
1|24312|What is it with sequels never knowing when to stop, especially when large creatures are envolved. JAWS and Jurassic Park were fantastic movies, but there was absolutly no need to make more of them. The only reason I even watched this movie was because somebody was playing it in the room I was in. I never would have spent money to see this movie, and I'm glad I didn't.
5|10540|Home Alone was a great movie to watch by yourself or with some friends young or old. It is funny, and good entertainment which you don't see too much nowadays. I would tell everyone to see this movie.
5|5264|One of the best movies ever made and it is one of the great family movies to watch. When I was a kid, I had always anticipated the event during Thanksgiving time when I always knew that is time for THE WIZARD OF OZ. The story is absoultely beautiful and that the talent of Judy Garland was surpreme. The singing, the story, the acting and costumes were a sight to see. I was just overjoyed by it all. It was very creative to start in black&white then to go to color and then to end with black&white. Each charceter was very intersting, The Scarecrow, The Tin Man and The Lion were amazing especially when they were all together. My favorite line is when the witch is melting aways, How can a beautiful girl like destroy my wickedness! What a line! What a great movie!
5|21945|Admit it- like me, you thought of the verbally-challenged officiant who said "what is marriage" in that memorable voice on your own wedding day. I sucessfully killed my smile. . .
5|10226|I LOVED IT!!! I WANT TO BE A COYOTY UGLY FOR LIFE!!! THE MUSIC WAS AWESOME AND I USED TO BE A DANCER SO I COULDN'T SIT STILL. I LOVE THE MUSIC AND I LOVE HOW IT MADE WOMEN FEEL LIKE THEY RULE!!!
5|5502|I must have been about five when I first saw Psycho. That shower scene scared me then and still trips me out a little.
5|598|Perhaps Kevin Spacey's best, the Usual Suspects was an amazing movie. For a film filmed on a very low budget it was incredibly well done. The viewer is kept guessing throughout the movie, and the ending is perhaps one of the best of all time. Definitely one of the must-see movies of the 90's.
5|17549|Eisenstein near his best in a brilliant, brutal film. Using the saga of the Teutonic Knights campaign against the Russians in the middle ages, Eisenstein draws a parallell with the rising threat of Nazi Germany. The helmeted, faceless knights, the sturdy, sometimes comedic Russian soldiers, the horrific burning babies scene and the final denouement on the ice are unforgettable bits of cinema. Add to that an unforgettable score by Prokoviev, and what exists is a work of art.
5|3173|It is a good thriller....very well done.
5|19564|I loved it!
5|23834|No matter how over the top Stewart's acting may be, he is still light years ahead of William Shatner's acting. Then again, my Grandmother is a better actor that Shatner, and she's been dead for 15 years!
5|14040|This is one of the favorite movies of my youth. Even though it's a period film, it's really funny. The actor who played the main character did a great job.
5|1764|This was an incredible, engrossing thriller! It's about a man who is trying to avenge his wife's death, however, he was badly beaten and has no short-term memory. He takes photos, writes notes, and tatoos reminders all over his body in order to find the killer. The real kicker is that the scenes are filmed in backwards sequence, so you know the end of the story right at the start of the movie. But...can you figure out the beginning...? This is a MUST SEE movie that you'll be talking about for weeks afterwards.
1|10909|Atrocious.
5|4634|the best version of the secret garden. it is hard to find a movie of this quality today. this is a clean, decent film that any parent would be glad to let there children see. kate maberly is a great person and an excellent role model for children.
5|12419|I thoroughly enjoyed this film from beginning to end. Granted, I'm fascinated by the history of the time period portrayed and the politics involved. If you're not interested in those things you may not get much from the movie . . . but you should. See it anyway & try to understand what it's all about. What it's about is as current today as it was way back when. Funny (or not) how history repeats. A film of this type, with this message will always be relavent, no matter which side of the political spectrum you prefer. I thought the movie was brilliantly filmed in black & white. I enjoyed the editing and camera angles. The dialougue is intelligent and, at times, quite funny in a low-key sort of way. There's more going on than meets the eye. Finally, the movie made me want to find out even more about the characters involved. If a film can make me pick up a book then it has done it's job.
5|15376|The movie was awesome!!!! and the people out there who think the movie sucked are probably just jelous cuz the actors and actresses in the movie's dreams came true!
5|14068|Tom Hanks, Gary Sinease, and Kevin Bacon all portray the astronauts of Apollo 13 remarkably. The musical score is very beautiful. The movie is heartwarming yet suspenseful.
5|13707|I don't usually like Robin Williams, but this was an amazingly powerful film. Very well written and acted!
5|9310|But I don't want the drink.
5|6023|One of my all-time faves.Not a wrong note in it! Sellers is absolutely, positively, without a doubt, superb! His RAF officer and Doc Strangelove characters had me rolling! Absolutely great comic timing! You see the beginning of Kubrick's style, with the camera, the backgrounds, the attention to detail. I was in the Air Force in the 90s, and things still haven't changed - there really are nuts like that on base squadrons. I love the message behind the madness. This movie can't be duplicated - it's like Duck Soup meets Catch 22 or something. THe Major Kong / bomb/ penis scene and Strangelove talking about postapocalyptic life are fantastic. His whole hand w/ a mind of its own / ex-Nazi schtick - I just can't speak any higher - true genius. Sellers was a hell of a talent - he wasn't even a comedian by trade!
5|15410|I thought Save the Last Dance was one of the few movies actually worth the $7.50 it costs to go see it! It went way past my expectations for MTV studios, and I thought that the story was very real, something I could really relate to. Julia Stiles is a fresh face among other manufactured actresses and Sean Patrick Thomas is a true talent and a passion. Together with an excellent storyline, Stiles and Thomas made for a great movie!
5|8768|I am not an Adam Sandler fan and saw this movie merely for the sake of Drew Barrymore, who I believe is the future of this country's acting. I was so pleased with the movie, finding it a very funny, and touching movie. I will give Adam Sandler a second chance. 
5|4152|One of my favorite all time movies. Many magical scenes (also many scenes that lead me to believe that Roald Dahl may have been hanging out with Lewis Carroll) I loved it as a kid, every wish fulfilled. The greedy Violet gets hers when she tries the new candy when she was told not to and turns into the huge blueberry You're turning violet, Violet. The oompa loompas, Charlie and Grandpa so mesmerized by the entire factory. And the wise old Willy Wonka.
1|12850|Dumb.
5|16119|Meryl Streep does an outstanding job playing a dutch woman. Her accent is exceptional. The storyline and music are beautiful.
1|12688|A few years ago, I believed this garbage. After his later fantasies, I'm a big fan of General Motors!
1|12844|Tupac: Let It Rest
5|11662|An all right film, and Kidman saves it from being a dud.
5|17213|I love to dance and I found this movie very good at showing the effort to learn to dance. I also really have wanted to see an actually take of a Cuban mambo. Im not quite sure it was entirely correct but it was pretty close.
5|18120|The first of 4 movies andthe scariest.Shot in black and white on a shoestring budget.The tension inside the house gets thick enuff to cut with a knife.The dead come back to feed on the living and a group of strangers try to lock themselves into a farmhouse.This was remade in color several years later and the remake isn't bad.The second of the series is a must see .
5|5258|Probably Hollywood's greatest film. It has great songs, good action and humor. The transition from black & white Kansas to full-color Oz is brilliant. The film has great cinematography.
5|21979|Fantastic movie! Humor in the tradition of the Holy Grail. Fun characters and plot with a fairytale ending that proves heartwarming for the romantic but definitely not a girly movie. 
5|9462|Black is phenominal here. But Cusack, hell I thought he was starring in the movie of my life for a while (I not the total @#$%! he is by the 3/4 way through mark.) In my all time top 5 for sure.
5|6751|Without a doubt, the best Lana Turner movie. I loved Madame X, but this one to me is her best performance. It has some of the saddest scenes and no matter how many times I have watched it, I still cry during those scenes. It is the story of the rise of a struggling actress and her housekeeper who is the most faithful person in her life. It tells the story of each of them and heartaches they each have endured. This is a wonderful old classic movie.
5|6989|Love it. While it is funny, spunky, and entertaining, it shows a truly marvelous character change in Cameron. A modern classic.
5|15404|I just got back from seeing Save The Last Dance . LOVED IT!!! That was one of my fav movies of the whole year! It was so awesome! And Julia Stiles and Sean Patrick Thomas were so goo together! If u haven't seen this movie yet, u should! It was so great and I bought the album too! Love Ya! Kitten 
5|1980|Even when I see Natalie Portman in films such as Star Wars II, I still think of her as an execeptionally sweet little girl in 'Leon'. Directed by Luc Besson, starring the above Natalie, Jean Reno, Gary Oldman. This is a story of Mathilda who is orphaned by twisted cop Gary Oldman who kills his family because of some missing cocaine that her father was taking care of. Mathilda is taken in by Leon and a beautiful relationship between the two characters grow. Leon is a hitman who is extremely childlike and simple. He kills without thinking, but takes great care in looking after his pot plant. Mathilda wants to become a 'cleaner' like Leon so she can revenge her little brothers death - but ends up in trouble herself and Leon saves her. I won't ruin it for you by telling you exactly what happens - you'll have to watch it yourself. this is a beautiful simple film - quite timeless. 
5|7329|This movie is smart, funny, and hits the spirit of corporate America right in the gonads. In the lines of Catch-22, this movie is brilliant, I loved it.
5|15362|Great film with superlative directing from David lynch!
5|1758|It has been a long time since I have seen a very well worked and original style of storytelling in a feature film. This film is simply incredible. It manages to be very mysterious,well acted,bravely and honestly directed,humorous and above all gripping. This film sucks you in and refuses to let go. You cannot leave the theater. I had to pee to the point I almost passed out and I still could not tear myself away from this ingeniouse tail. The story is told backward. That is from the last event to the first. What we know is that our main character's, played by Guy Peirce, wife has been raped and murdered and he is out for revenge. Sounds rather run of the mill,right? Well, he witnesses this happen, tries to rescue his wife and gets a severe blow to the head which leaves him with a very strange psychological disorder. He has no short term memory. He has all his old memories he just cannot make any new ones. He most take polaroid pictures and scroll noted in the form of tattos all over his body so that he might track down and kill his wifes murderer. This is what gives this film such a wonderfully twisted and remarkable edge. I haven't seen something told this cool since,dare I say, forever? This has made my list of the top films of 2001. Memento is a profound and breakthrough film. Something that should be considered classic. Anyone who enjoys the art of film and story telling should treat themselves to this astonishing work of art. HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
5|6037|Possibly Stanley Kubrick's best work, Dr. Stragelove is a hilarious and brilliant take on the age of atomic weapons. Saturated with symbolism and a fantastic performance by Peter Sellers makes this a true classic.
5|17575|This is a beatiful movie, in the tradition of great french coming-of-age movies. It's not quite as magical as '400 Blows', but it aims for a different effect: it's both a very personal story about boys growing up, and a period piece about occupied France. I won't go into details, but if you like French cinema, see this movie.
5|18646|Just when you think the psychological horror film has been completely replaced by slash, gash, and trash films along comes a gem like this! The Others devilishly played with my mind and scared me silly at several points and all without exploiting one drop of blood. This tale reached deep into the human psyche and pulled out many of the things we all fear, dread and imagine. I don t think I realized that Nichole Kidman could even act until I saw her in this part but she does a great job as the nervous, high-strung mother of the two strangely afflicted children. As a matter of fact, the entire cast is excellent. The house and grounds also provide a wonderful gothic setting rivaling anything from the golden age of Hollywood (think Rebecca , Wuthering Heights , Jane Eyre ) and the entire film had a very thick atmospheric feeling. The Others is also beautifully shot in what appears to be mostly natural light. Excellent rental for a dark and stormy night!
5|2251|Classic film from the 80s. It is a very 80s film. Classic soundtrack. That is all that is needed to say.
5|4620|This movie is literally an insanly funny movie. It's such a classic, I mean you don't get more classic than this.
1|8206|When humor this crude and mean-spirited is considered one of the greatest comedies ever by so many people, I am convinced that our society has pretty much totally lost it.
5|16858|I thought this movie was awesome! Definitly Matt's best character. I read the book and they are both great. The director did a great job telling the story!
5|22243|Still the best of all the Terminators. Yeah the effects look really dated but they are still effective and Arnold is an awesome special effect all by himself. The story moves along better than the other two and unlike in T2 there is no heavy handed message bogging the movie down.
5|14929|Since Braveheart this the most powerful movie i've seen in a long time. I almost believed that the actors were real people back during the Revolutionary War. They did a fantastic job, esp. Mel Gibson and Heath Ledger. Anyone who i've talked to have said that this movie was fantastic and that they cried. Even though I'm Canadian this movie is imprinted in my mind and I believe it's the closest anyone will come to understanding The Revolutionary war. I definitly believe this to be the best movie of the year. 
5|9489|Even though there was an Excess of Cursing and Farting, The MOvie was still gut busting, fall down funny.
5|20454|I believe I saw this movie in Capital Reef area in Utah. Though I thought it was a movie on the Utah national park, the video taken from the helicopter as it flew over the cliffs made the movie.
5|10597|murray and harrelson are unbeleivably funny
1|1222|One of those films where the violent scenes appeared to have been written by an emotionally disturbed person,who'd never seen anything.
5|21992|In addition to its profound quotability, Princess Bride is just a great movie. To paraphrase Peter Falk, It's got romance, swordfights, betrayal, escapes, true love, death, and creatures. What more do you want? Princess Bride dared to laugh at itself and still be clever. Not many other movies can make that claim.
5|11689|This was hilarious! Dreyfus at his best.
1|12663|Writer Eric Kripke is a hack.
5|10583|I loved it!
5|21986|This is what isn't in this movie, car chases, aliens and russian spies. Fortunately, this is a winning formula for a quasi medieval, contemporary, romantic comedy. A perfect score for sure.
1|8574|This movie was really bad. It was boring, not funny and pretty dorky. It could have been way better, just change the screen play.
5|22257|One of the best movies of all time. The scene where the terminator is in a bathroom cutting his eye is pretty bad, but that is the only thing I dislike about this great film. If you don't like roller coaster rides and great one-liners, stay clear of this one.
1|10074|JIM CARREY CAN'T ACT. JIM CARREY IS NOT FUNNY. AS SOON AS THE PUBLIC AT LARGE REALIZES THAT THE BETTER OFF WE'LL ALL BE.
5|12394|5-star excellence, yet niche appeal only. Capote is a brilliant examination of the human psyche, in particular, Capote's, with themes of societal marginalization, narcissim, empathy, and the intersection/overlap of the same. This movie chronicles Capote's writing of a book about a Kansas quadruple murder, 'In Cold Blood,' a torturous yet sublime project that required years of emotional dedication during which Capote, something of an outsider himself, drew close to one of the 2 sociopaths and thru that relationship elicited the facts for the book. 'Capote' is not entertaining--there's no suspension of disbelief, escapist action or comedy, intellectual diversion of a whodunit, nor drama with a happy ending. But it is a display of crisp filmmaking--no extaneous story, no unnecessary dialogue, nor extra emotion, but quality writing and acting, for which lead actor Philip Seymour Hoffman rightly earned his Golden Globe. Consequently, this movie will appeal to those who admire movie crafts. Americana aficionados and writers, especially of the true crime genre, might also have special interest. And those who'd most appreciate 'Capote' might be those involved by profession or circumstance in getting info from sociopaths during years of drawn- out, emotionally toilsome legal process--such might find I-am-not-alone comfort in the movie. 
1|16405|If the woman had just said, Hey! I don't own a small business so why do I have to pay this small business tax? then all of that ugliness could have been prevented. But of course there'd be no movie after that. No big lose there.
1|16363|Lame, too preachy. I love Kevin Spacey, but even with all the good intent (I saw the making of stuff on HBO), the movie just didn't work. Subtle is better than in your face preaching. Also the gang stereotype was unrealistic.
1|11424|Yech!! Two bad the writer didn't have one.
1|20821|What a lovely message to send to kids. Kill people and get famous. Oh, How wonderful! Yes, Little Susie! Yes, Little Vinny! Yes, Little Jamal! Let's all go out and have sex with people for fame, Then shoot them! What a wonderful message! BTW, I'm being sarcastic. 
5|24168|I am not really a fan of science fiction,m but I trully believe this deserves a higher rating. It lasted about 2 1/2 hours, but it didn't seem thatr long when I saw it. The plot came together perfectly, the acting was intense, and the special effects were some of the best I have ever seen. A bit unrealistic, but they don't call it fiction for nothing. 'Rockhound' was my personal favorite, provided some nice comic relief from the drama.
1|17055|Ugh. What an amazing disappointment! There's nothing worse than going to see a movie you expected was going to be good, and it all ends up blowing in your face like a bomb. I cannot believe I saw this completely crappy and pointless movie. I'm sorry if I'm being crude here, but it was just so disappointing to see Leo make a fool out of himself. I paid 5 freaking bucks to 1.) have all my friends make a joke out of me for about a week (because I was the one who made them go see it). 2.) Have NO ONE at all trust me when I would say Hey, this movie looks good let's go see it! (no matter what movie I was reffering to). And 3.) Have to sit for about 2 hours that seemed to be the longest of all my life, to discover I had just made a fool out of myself by actually dragging my friends along (atleast if I wouldn't have, I would have been the only one suffering). The movie made me feel crappy and unwanted. Can't describe it anymore! It deserves a 0.1, but the lowest was a 1, so I'll just have to compromise!
5|22519|Wow! What an adventure! This movie pretty much sums up life. Conan is every man's hero, and every woman's fantasy- which a few lucky ones fulfill. Barbarians, wizards, death, sex, epic battles, and cannabolism. What more could you ask for in a movie! A must see for anyone and everyone. Show the whole family!
5|21010|Excellent movie even if you don't like country music (like me).
5|573|What good movie this was, I'd hate to piss of Kaiser Sousae!
5|20468|Island of the Sharks is my most favorite IMAX movie ever!
1|6571|The title says it all. The characters have no motives or personality.
1|9642|Bathroom humor is never funny to start with. This movie managed to bore me and make me sick at the same time.
5|21776|A mind-blowing experience. The extended edition of the Two Towers is worth every penny.One of the greatest sequels ever made.
5|6786|One of the funniest movies ever put on film. The knights who say Ni and come back here I'll bite yur legs off. Almost as funny as www.tuesdayswithmantu.com
1|11342|Uptown girls was really boring and the thing with the spinning teacups was really wierd.
5|8973|It actually had a message, and it was a good one. Way.
5|14901|My favorite movie ever!!! Mel Gibson gives an outstanding performance as Benjamin Martin, a father of seven children, who keeps family top priority in his life. He is from South Carolina, a state which is going to war with the British. Benjamin doesn't want war; he wishes there were some alternative to it. However, he ends up fighting the British, along with his oldest son, Gabriel, to take revenge for the death of Thomas, one of Benjamin's sons. References are made to slaves, i liked the way those conflicts were resolved in the end. Colonel Tavington got what he deserved in the end... I really liked that. The restoration of order taking place was great, when his house was being rebuilt. Overall, an awesome adventure and journey dealing with American History. Packed with great storylines, action and suspence. Rush out and see it.
1|16439|((Spoilers in here...not that anyone's going to see this flick again)) This movie was pure sap, emotional drivel in all its disgusting glory. You could tell when it's time to cry, because the piano ensemble would thunder in the background telling you to. It told me to cry when Patch's [much younger] girlfriend was cryptically killed, but rather than tear up, all I could do was think What the hell just happened?! The main message of this movie is: Rules are bad, authority is eeevil! And of course, acting like an idiot will cheer up all terminally ill people. I don't think I've ever seen a more mindless movie than this.
5|23175|Go back to China, Bitch!
5|201|Who knew that Mel Gibson could write and direct. Truly a riveting, inspirational, and powerful movie that'll be truly a classic!
5|4185|This movie came out when I was in junior high school and I loved it. I loved the songs. I loved the name Ariel. I loved the mermaids. I, of course, didn't admit this to anyone.
5|21762|The battle at Helms Deep was amazing!
5|2292|Funny, good action, plausible plot. Great casting. Nick Nolte plays a straight man.
1|12139|Robert DeNiro must need money. Eddie Murphy must need money. Couldn't be. Then, go see the movie. DeNiro plays a career cop who wants to be a career cop. Murphy plays a cop who wants to be an actor. Rene Russo is a producer who gets the 2 of them on film. But, it's not that good. Skip this one.
5|567|This is a solid movie all around which features a great acting cast ensemble. When watching this movie, you will know why Kevin Spacey won an oscar for his role a Verbal Kint. The movie has a very well- written plot line with a grest twist-ending that manages to fill in all the questions asked in the beginning of the film. Bryan Singer, director of the two X-Mex movies and Apt. Pupil, has proven that he could become a very big name in hollywood in the future.
5|18685|Seeing THE TEXAS CHAIN SAW MASSACRE, twenty-five years later, is like ripping open the sarcophagus from which come ALL modern horror movies. And MASSACRE, which is now available once again in an excellent DVD edition, STILL scares the shat out of even today's jaded audiences. MASSACRE eschews plot and character development in terms of as much a pure sensory experience as can be put on film. After reports of graverobbing and necrophilic mutilation, a group of young people head out to see if any of their departed grandparents were among the ones desecrated. Along the way, they pick up a deranged hitchhiker -- he doesn't last long with them after slicing himself open with a razor and laughing -- and wind up being forced to stop for gas. Then they make the mistake of wandering over to a nearby house... and to say any further than that, of course, would be sacrilege. See it for yourself. Though the story has been ripped off by so many other horror movies that to run through it seems a cliche. But amazingly, when you experience the original for the first time, all of that just vanishes. The original blows everything else even remotely like it so far off the screen, it's astonishing. The imitators can get the words, but not the music. Surprisingly, MASSACRE is not that gory a movie. Gore is not frightening, and this is where most modern horror movies trip up: they're not really out to scare anyone, but rather MORTIFY them. What's genuinely frightening about MASSACRE is the setup as much as the payoff, the atmosphere and the primal dread of the goings-on, and the sense that whatever we are seeing now, there are far, far worse things lingering offscreen. Like NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD and HALLOWEEN -- two other genuinely horrific films -- it is shot in a flat, spare, almost documentary-style fashion, but at the same time is breathtaking to look at. The shots of the house steeped in the orange sunset, or the roomful of bones, have a raw beauty that no other movie like it has been able to imitate. On a nickle-and-dime budget, they achieved what movies costing a hundred times as much can't even come close to. If the movie has a flaw, it's that it ends so abruptly. It needed a third act, another round of happenings, to make what came before seem more complete. But what it does achieve is astonishing. Horror movies today, for the most part, aren't frightening. They're too sly and knowing to have any real elemental dread in their veins. Something like MASSACRE serves as a reminder of what movies like SCREAM or even FRIDAY THE 13TH wish they were. But of course that's just one shapes opinion.....THE SHAPE 
5|23613|The storyline was very unique and creative. I love this movie. Good special effects, great storyline.
5|1943| You sher gotta purty mouth boy. AAAAAAHHHHH!!!!!
5|13908|This is a great movie, I believe this movie is Tom Cruise's best acting performance and Jack Nicholson does an amazing job. The exchange between these two at the end of the movie in the court room is probably the greatest scene in the history of moviedom. Great movie, one of the best I have seen.
5|8556|This movie continues to be a classic that defines the romantic comedy genre.
1|20362|Pathetic 
5|9890|This movie was really good. There was non-stop comedy and good portrayal of old movies. I especially like the referral to the Sixth Sense.
5|22082|For those who didn't follow the movie trilogy... It's hard to make a movie about Christ (THE Anointed ONE) and explain the human/spiritual condition of the world without getting ridiculed. NEO is a play on words. If you switch the letters around, it's ONE. Thus, once Mr. Anderson became fully enlightened, he only referred to himself as NEO (The ONE). If you don't get the reference to Jesus, right there, it's because it's a reference to Buddah (THE Enlightened ONE). They linked these 2 together as the same person for a reason. That's why the trilogy is flooded with quotes from Buddah and the Bible. In Reloaded, before NEO met Seriph (who is an angel, by the way), there were 2 shrines shown. One for Jesus and one for Buddah. I can point so many things out, like NEO becoming ONE with TRINITY after his arrival in ZION. The metaphors go on and on. The Watchowski Brothers were very slick with the writing and direction of this trilogy. I call this trilogy, Excellent.
1|16808|This rating is based on the movie itself, and not on it being a religious movie being rated by a devout and loudmouthed Atheist. SImply on it's artistic merit, THE PASSION simply wasn't any good. The acting seemed forced and unemotional. As for the story, I noticed several errors. Just to name a few: The flogging went on too long. I believe the Romans practiced the forty save one method of flogging (I.E. 39 lashes) I counted well over fifty lashes. The Romans didn't pound nails into the hand, they went through the wrist. Yes, I know it showed Jesus tied to the cross as well, but this wasn't done, as it increased the time it took the poor victim to die. Peter's three denials could have been taken as one, having all been lumped together as one incident. In reality, they were propably more spread out. And if Jesus was already dead, why did the blood and water come out with such force? Dead, no Heartbeat, No force pushing out the blood and water. Not a very accurate film. Mel Gibson should be ashamed at himself for putting out this dreck.
5|1214|I have watched this film countless times and I never get tired of it. Quentin Tarantino's characters and dialogue are second to none.
5|9648|THIS MOVIE HAD ME LAUGHING TILL THE NEIGHBOURS PHONED THE COPS AND EVEN THEN I COULDN'T STOP LAUGHING
5|17039|Weaving brief, actual interviews with contemporaneous personalities intermittently into the story line was a very creative and useful inovation. One of the all time greats.
5|16327|Excellent movie, excellent music and cinematography. Use of Latin and Aramaic very effective and not at all distracting. Very disappointed in the obvious bias shown by most professional critics.
1|24104|Simple minded movie, made by simpletons. The portrayal of Chaucer is particularly ludicrous.
5|19014|this was so cool when it came out cuz it reminded me of the horror comic books i used to read. the cockroach tale really bugged me.(i know i couldn't help it).
5|17987|The best horror movie ever! Very scary, visual effects are excellent. The storyline makes the movie good.
5|956|The godfather of all shark movies. Started the whole shark era in hollywood
5|5714|This is my all time favorite movie! It is sooo well done in every way and can be compared to any movie, even in this era!
5|10030|I really like this movie. You're right on, more songs less arguing. The songs are brilliant and the movie is really funny. Andrea Robinson, the singing voice for Wendy Makkena's character sounds like an angel on Hail Holy Queen . I love this movie!
5|13539|To answer your question, Ruby, I think this movie is about getting what you want and not letting stupid obstacles get in your way. Life is short. You never know...a repressed gay man might shoot you in the head or something
1|3192|This film is like a 2-hour long commercial of coca-cola and sports clothes.
5|7103|Another Brooks masterpiece.
1|20404|I made an honest effort to enjoy it, but in the end I had no idea what the hell the whole point of the film was. I'm still trying to make sense of it.
5|24381|Event Horizon rules. One of the best sci-fi/horror/hounting movie set in outer space you ever get. You have to get some guts to see the blood though, BUT it is not a movie about blood. It is pure monster-less horror. Really hounted! My sci-fi number #2 after MATRIX! Sadly there are people who don't think this way, but it is really underrated movie. 
5|6209|I love the movie and the book so naturally I'm biased but I really think it's an awesome watch.
5|22928|My all time favorite movie! Pure Kubrick satire and surrealism. Funnier than any Road Trip or Scary Movie could even dream of. Alex DeLarge is played perfectly by Malcolm McDowell. I wish I could watch it for the first time all over again.
5|8224|Hilarious!! The characters are great, and though exagerated you can almost relate. A very funny story with lots of unexpected twists and complications.
5|7117|One of the Best Brooks comedies. A little politically incorrect for today's standards, i guess, but still gut-busting.
5|17993|yeah, this movie is starting to look dated, but when it gets started it will shock u and gross u out like a horror movie should ! The grand-daddy of em all ! If u are looking for a cheap slasher film that jolts u with silly, gory F/X, don't bother watching this one. If u want an intelligent, mature horror film that gets kinda deep, check it out. For everyone that has uttered this line, I watched it and it didn't scare me at all , forget all the tremendous hype spoken about this film and rewatch it. Judge it then, you might change your opinion. If u still prefer FRiday the 13th, well.....today is a perfect day for an Exorcism....
1|23119|Phantom Menace is vacuous technical wizardry.
5|2|The first and by far the best of the trilogy. Holds up well on TV 4th and 5th time around.
5|942| Jaws is certainly one of the most heart-pounding motion pictures ever made. It introduced to the world the superb talents of director, Steven Spielberg and musician, John Williams, two men who have defined the cinema of today. Immensely entertaining and highly suspenseful, Jaws is to Spielberg what Psycho is to Alfred Hitchcock.
5|16455|Robin Williams is brilliant. He is hilarious in this movie. There are a few sad moments, but what's a good movie without one. At least it ends in a great way and surprises the audience with his nude butt.
5|5700|the ultimate love story. too bad scarlett was such a bitch. i wanted to slap her.
5|10024|I loved this movie. I've watched it again and again and laugh every time. The sequel ruined the series. Goldberg plays the role of Sister Mary Clarence superbly.
5|5066|I still watch this movie. It's alot better than 2 or 3 in my books. This is even better than Spider-Man!
5|10742|it was hilarious there was to many funny parts to think of but yeah it was very funny and very good.
5|20681|The Greatest (no not exaggerated) GREATEST musical EVER! (tied with Mary Poppins) anyone who says Julie Andrews is not appealing is just jealous of her FANTASTIC talent. She is the best female vocalist ever to LIVE! and this movie proves it. Best Musical Best Family Film Guarenteed to delight the entire family from the little ones to the elderly. GO OUT AND GET THIS MOVIE YOU WONT BE SORRY
5|19000|better than van helsing even though I've not seen that!
5|3417|Great action scenes!
5|4378|Who didn't like the Goonies? I have watched this movie at least 100 times and it only gets better. A bunch of unpopular kids follow an old treasure map that belonged to a pirate named One Eyed Willy. This movie came out when I was a kid and all of my friends love it. As the kids follow the map they are being chased by 3 criminals. They encounter many booby traps along the way and in the end discover One Eyed Willy's treasure. They save their town and the criminals are arrested. Any kid will love this movie.
5|20859|even though i hate disco i love the soundtrack and love this movie so much
5|9884|Thsi movie is for our younge viewers and is hilarious
1|5291|Doesnt make the grade. This move is unsuitable for little children yet too childish for adults. The troupe is knocked out by poppies. An educated person can tell that poppies are the producers of opium. So it implies that these heroes are really druggies. These loveable charecters whom children want to be like influence them to do things the majority of them might not have done if this movie was not shown to them.
5|2721|One of my favorite movies. But, then again, I have always been a sucker for Westerns!!
5|19028|And not just cause Johnny Depp is beautiful
5|20871|It has been said that there has never been a better marraige of music with a movie than in Saturday Night Fever. Little do most people know, The Bee Gees were recording their next album when their manager/SNF producer took 5 songs from them long before the movie was completed. You Should Be Dancing was #1 two years before SNF and Jive Talkin was #1 three years earlier. Definetly, a great music movie, which became a way of life for a long time.
5|4350|I don't know as I would say it's a kids movie at all, though, I'm sure they would enjoy it also. It has a wonderful message and was a delight to watch laughing like crazy one minute and shed a tear or two the next. Alot of fun to watch. Shatters some of the fairy tale ideals we had to grow up with-finally. Highly recommend
1|16834|I wouldn't tip this caddy.
5|15612|This movie was awesome. It was very entertaining and made me cry.
5|7881|Second best movie of all time (tied for 2nd with A Fish Called Wanda), after Waiting for Guffman.
5|1228|I loved it.
1|3810|I don't know why she gets roles when she produces efforts like this. The movie could've been saved if were about Caveziel's character.
1|18819|As someone else said - great plot, potential - boring as an eternity in hell and acting that makes you want to claw your eyes out. Not British films best - however, Shaun of the dead is great. Would recommend not seeing 28 Days Later - it embarasses us Brits even more. Oh, and British soldiers are not like that.
5|6547|The remake was ok, but it can't hold a candle to the original. Robert Mitchem played one of the meanest vindictive characters in this movie.
5|13263|97x bam! the future of rock and roll!
5|22900|There were good people in the cast: Dreyfuss, Dillon, Garr, etc. I have to admit to liking Dreyfuss in almost everything he does--he is a likeable actor. I have to say the same for Garr and Dillon. The use of the musical notes is very clever. All in all it is a great piece of entertainment.
5|6221|One of the greatest WWII movies of all time.
5|9112|one of my favorite jack black movies (next to saving silverman- highly recommend this movie to others who rated this 3 or above). good music, funny lines, and jack black is hilarious as always. 
1|20438|I recently made a huge mistake. I went to see Blair Witch 2. I saw the first one and it was pretty good, so I figured I might as well go and see the sequel. It was horrible. The characters were weak, there was no plot, no motive, no anything. I've never fallen asleep during a horror movie before, but this time I found myself struggling to stay awake. The movie made absolutely no sense. Words simply cannot express how bad this movie was. It was a waste of $7.00, and I would'nt mind if the people behind this movie never did anything else ever again. If you thought the ending to the first Blair Witch was bad, wait until you see this one. I can't beleive I actually waisted my time and money on that garbage. Movies like this discourage me from ever going to the movies again. I've never been more pissed off at a movie than I was at this one. I'm just going to stop talking about it before I get angry. BLAIR WITCH 2 SUCKS! I beg others to go out and see this horrible movie so you can give some reviews about it. It would be nice to know if other people can also recognize bad movies when they see them, so I don't end up thinking I'm crazy. 
5|18450|This is one of the best movies I ever watched. Religion movies are the scariest movies and this was scary.
5|5728|Although it's very long, this is one of the best movies I've ever seen! The costumes are beautiful and really add alot.
5|11306|Zoiks....
5|4422|This is such a great movie - it's so funny anyone in any age can watch it I wount be surprised if it's the adults who love it the most laugh the most! Damn funny, volks! :-))
1|14951|A fraud and a sham
5|19982|I have seen a lot of horror movies and I think that this was one of the best. I admit that the movie relied a lot on special effects but that was the great part about it. I also like movies with a great story line to it and anybody who really paid attention to the movie and not to just how many special effects there were realized that the movie had a great story line. And, how can you deny the actors and actresses. They were what really made the movie great. It was just all around a great movie.
5|10018|This is the venue Whoopi needs to stick too. Acting.
5|6235|One of Bogart's finest performances, in a superb cast, with a great script. Bogart's portrayal of Spade is precise, humourous and violent.
5|22914|I don't know if it follows the book or not. The book is hard to read because of the need of the glossary. The movie avoids this to some extent but still some of the unglossed jargon creeps in.
5|9106|Great actors great story...can't go wrong!
5|8218|This is the funniest film I have ever seen. This is the type of comedy that has you wondering whether you might have sprung a hernia. The type that brings members of your family rushing into your room to wonder about the commotion as you watch it time and again. Some films you might think are funny, and they genuinely may be, but where 'Mary' beats every other comedy, hands down, is in the amount of work, preparation, perspiration, editing, re-editing, rehersal, honing and perfecting that has gone into the script and production. All this work manifests itself on screen as pure quality and brilliant comic genius. Three scenes come to mind - the early bathroom scene, the police interrogation of Ben Stiller after he picks up the hitchhiker and the Matt Dillon dog scene. They are the cream, but there is still enough material to keep your comedic appetite honed. And guess what? There is a satisfying and gratfiying storyline too. The music is fantastic, the performances are great, the backdrops are spot-on. All-in-all it makes my British heart jealous. Have no doubts - this film is the 'real deal'. 
5|15606|I don't think it was by any means one of the best ever, but I do think it was a great movie. Enormously enjoyable, and classic for the 90s.
5|7895|I just noticed that a reviewer with the name callmetootie gave Spinal Tap one star and called it a failed attempt. Curious about someone who could make such an ignorant statement about one of the funniest movies I've ever seen, I clicked on callmetootie's name and read some more of his/her comments. Quickly it became apparent that callmetootie is a complete idiot. This person's 1,000+ comments are polluting RateItAll with senseless drivel. This Is Spinal Tap is one of the most intelligent, sarcastic, and hilarious movies of the past 30 years. If, like callmetootie, you dislike Spinal Tap and yet rave about the TV show Judge Wapner's Animal Court, do us all a favor and keep your mouth shut.
5|13277|I lOVED Saving Private Ryan; the best WW 2 two film I have ever seen. The cinamatogrophy was excellent, the acting was amazing, the realizem of the film is right on, and the over all story isjust entralling and inspiring. Steven Speilsberg did a superb job. The story of a sguad led by Cpt. John Miller (Tom Hanks) that storm the beach of Normady in one of the most horrific days in American history. Speilsberg, by the way did a great job of putting you in the middle of this horrible battle. The sguad is afterward sent on a special mission to find and bring home a Pvt. James Ryan somewhere in the German infested hills of France. while looking Ryan the sguad begins to doubt the mission and if it is worth risking the lives of these eight men to save one.Just an encredable film that leaves you with a knot in your throut from beginning to end. I give it ***** stars. Content: Strong Graphic War Violence, and Language (16 F-BOMBS).
5|9660|Best movie ever!!
5|11460|Love this movie!
5|20865|I think a lot of folks here are missing the point of SNF. It's not just about the dancing or music, which is all great and entertaining, believe me. The Bee Gees wrote the soundtrack of the 1970s with that album! I love the energizing dance scenes and the quaint polyester clothes and Afro hairdos. But SNF is more than a musical - it's a real life gritty urban drama that I think it still relevant today. So what if it's depressing or harsh- that's the way life is in a blue collar urban setting. Tony's escape through dancing in contrast to his bleak life and dysfunctional family and friends is the heart and soul of the movie. Unlike most other musicals, it actually has a strong and relatable story line. The acting was great too, and all of the characters stand out beyond just one-dimensional cardboard cutouts. I think it's one of the best movies of the 1970s, if not all time!
5|20656|Grease is great! I went to see it @ the re-release and loved it just as much as I did the first time I saw it. There is something about the soundtrack that screams SUMMER!!! I love it!
5|48|This was a great movie, not only for Steven Speilberg, but for Harrison Ford that kept him from being typecasted as the space warrior. Now, he plays a swashbuckling archeologist and does it very well. A lot of adventure in this movie that holds up really well.
5|24430|Great job Jason! always a fan of yours, Jo...
1|19520|Generally I've liked the King mini series on television but this one just doesn't live up to past successes like It, Salem's Lot, and to a less extent Storm of the Century. Covering familiar territory with nothing new at the table makes for uninteresting viewing. The casting on this show is weak as well (I shouldn't even notice that, but I did).
5|15835|In reading the works of the Marquis Desade, and being a writer myself, I find that when you exercise areas of your mind that bend human ferocity it is a doorway of individualism and identity, not just for the writer, but for what is seen through this particular artist. Sexuality is the binding element between humans, and as life grows so the structure of our existence will be altered. The human race as a whole are nothing more than cattle, wether they want to admit it, or not, and as cattle passes on and moves in certain directions when ordered to there will always be the necessity to disobey, and to rip, and to tear what is imagined as sacred. Sex is a weapon if it is utilized as such, and every person on this planet in one way or another, including myself most of all, will strike out at another persons heart 'just because you can'. I am not saying that indulging oneself with aggressive attack on another persons pysche is an old/new way to exercise your own personal prowess, however, I am intending to make the fragile point that it is in human nature for us to hurt one another's feelings through sex and through mere conversation. As a human animal on this planet I can truly say that the work of the Marquis Desade is more than a realm of free expression it is a teaching tool for the human spirit. Only tender minds have difficulty with adventurous sex and having one's heart hurt. This will happen, and as a person can torture themself with emotional negligence so they can feed a new purpose to describe their own private angers, frustrations, inhibitions, and nihilistic desires that open up new realms of mental terror through art, sex, and the scent of the human mind. I agree with Vegan Pride, I would give the movie another star, only six not seven, but only five are allowed. All these unnecessary rules. 
5|22041|I watched it 22 times in a row one weekend.
5|22727|Thank God that after the last few Batmans and Stallones protrayal of Judge Dread, Hollywood has been able to actually portray a comic book on screen. The fighting between wolverine and cyclops was realistic and hilarious. I can not wait for the next one to come out.
5|14295|Definantly a five star movie. Its almost scary of how real the acting was. You really dont get all the sub messages that this movie gives off unless you see it about four times. Unless your some movie badass and can name every little twist this thing shows. If you want to see a movie that will get you thinking,than this is your movie.
1|14762|This was written by Dr. William Pierce http://www.seanbryson.freeuk.com/articles/jews_white_slavery.html Steven Spielberg's pseudo-historical film about a 19th century mutiny and massacre aboard a Spanish slave ship, Amistad, and the subsequent trial of the Black mutineers is being praised by the reviewers. Spielberg, one of the wealthiest and most successful of Hollywood's Jewish film makers, is also being praised by his kinsmen in various so-called human rights organizations for using his propaganda skills to sensitize White, Gentile audiences to the horrors of slavery and make them feel just a little more guilty for treating non-Whites so badly in the past. What the film doesn't mention, of course, is that Spielberg's Jewish kinsmen owned many, though not all, of the ships involved in the 18th- and 19th-century Atlantic trade in Black slaves and, in fact, played a very prominent role in bringing Black slaves to America. The film tends to steer one away from blaming anyone for slavery except White Gentiles. This bit of misdirection is interesting in light of the fact that Jews have been dominant in the slave trade since at least Roman times -- especially the trade in White slaves. Jewish slave dealers followed Caesar's armies everywhere -- into Gaul, into Germany, and into other northern lands -- eager to buy as slaves all of the captives of the Romans -- especially the female captives. 
5|995|This was my favorite movie of all-time until Terminator 2: Judgment Day came out. Not bad for a runner-up.
5|759|I watched it never suspecting the twist at the end.....
1|10510|thi is the worst movie i have ever seen! ?They should burn that movie to pieces! I think that was a crappy movie!
5|22733|The X-Men was the best movie ever!!!
1|16161|Nihilistic, violent, and just plain stupid.
5|12828|A fine film recording the life and sad ending to a life of enormous creativity. Monk is one of the world's great artists and composers.
5|14281|The greatest movie ever made.
5|24424|Absolutely loved this movie as a kid. Watched it until the tape wore out.
5|15821|Anyone that says this movie is pornographic, had no business seeing it in the first place. Most people know that the Marquis put the SADE in SADISM. If you did not know who De Sade was before you saw the film, you certainly do now! It may not have been historically correct, but it was a fantastic film! For those who don't like it due to it's lack of historical accuracy, maybe you would have liked it better if they changed Marquis' name. This movie had me hooked from the opening scene. This is a good representation of what is evil, can sometimes be disguised as good. The other members of the institution are the unsung hero's of the movie. I havn't seen a movie this good, down to the most minute details in a long time. If you liked Dangerous Liasons, you should like this as well. 
1|3623|This movie could have done so much with its theme instead it just was the biggest let down - and I am an Arnold Schartzeneger fan. I hated it and everything about it, though I believe cloning is possible this movie went about it all in the wrong way.
5|8581|I said it once, I'll say it again, this movie definetly kicks ass! Not only was Sandra bullock fantabulous, but the comedy was outstanding!
5|9847|This is one of my favourite movies. Lisa Kudrow is fantastic, as well as, the oscar-winning Mira Sorvino. It is a classic-humoured, most entertaining movie that you can watch again and again. It is stupid, but that's what makes it funny and what makes you laugh. It also, allows u to dream and wish about your high school and what your future reunions will be like, (a bit of inspiration if u like). Overall, exceptional and entertaining. A must c movie that's great 4 a rainy day.
5|20642|Grease is a great musical it is one of my favorites. There is really good acting in this movie and there are great songs. When Sandy comes to Rydell high and later finds out that Danny the boy she fell i love with over the summer goes there she gets excited but Danny messes things up. In the end everything turns out all right though. I just don't think Sandy should have changed just to make Danny happy.
5|7842|It's Jack at his finest! Nobody plays a better jackass! Too funny for words - a must see!!!
1|11140|Not smart comedy but stupid comedy!
5|15809|Mandy Moore is amazing.
5|21574|Great movie. I am a Tolkien. What I love about the book was how detailed it was, how complex. Could the mopvies capture that, no. So why try. Or why, for that matter try and hold true. Instead Peter Jackson held true in a different way. He held true to the themes, and the story itself. The emotions, the places, what made Middle Earth. And the book is confusing, watching the movie can really help clarify it too. The sets and the music and the characters looked to me correct. And unlike that horrendous animated film (true to the book in it's own way) the prounounciations are correct. The animated film messed up the names, had Celeborn pronounced Seleborn, and wouldn't even dare put the amount of elvish and such that was in these movies. Good job there. They seemed toc are about keeping the characters looking the way they should, so to speak. They put little details in, some which made sense only to the fans. peter Jackson did a good job. In general (especially in the first one) he did a good job of knowing what to take out, and what to leave it, making the difficult choices. All in all he suceeded at keeping the balance.
5|2084|Action Packed all the way. Great acting. Not quite perfect though.
5|18493|Noone can tell me they didn't enjoy this movie...it was GREAT!
5|771|I like M. Night Shymalan's films. So far, Sixth Sense has been his best. It is creepy and suspenseful. Excellent acting from Haley Joel Osment, Toni Collete (a personal favorite), and even Bruce Willis. Like Rocky, the secret star of this movie is the city of Philadelphia. Being an old and kind of foreboding town, the film works exceptionally well there as opposed to, let's say, San Diego. The ending kind of caught me by surprise (which I won't spoil for the 1% of you who have not seen it yet). I will say, when watching it a second time, it was quite obvious. Worthwhile DVD rental.
5|17978|The scariest freaking movie of all time. I couldn't sleep in my bed for three days because the S.O.B. was shaking so bad. Too realistic to watch alone at night by yourself.
5|12800|Just read: Fast Food Nation: The Dark Side of the All-American Meal by Eric Schlosser 
5|23411|This is a fun flick to watch Bruce is great and the effects are not bad at all. This has to be a cult classic and it sounds great in surround sound. Casting is wonderful and the story is an oldie but goodie. Fight scenes are good and there is a lot of humor through out the movies which keeps it moving. A must see DVD !
5|12814|One of the best documentaries I've ever seen.. and one of the most touching and disturbing. It basically follows the arrest (on questionable evidence) and trial of three teenagers in West Memphis, Arkansas for the horrific mutilation murder of three young boys. If you're from the deep south you might be offended by all the obvious stereotypes.. although none of them in this film are created for effect. This is life as it really is for the people in question. Rusting trailer parks peopled by folks on welfare wearing trucker hats. The ubiquitous cigarette butt hanging from their lips. Their sad smiles revealing missing teeth. You feel for these people embroiled in something beyond their limited ability to comprehend. A moving and powerful movie.
5|1599|Top 5 ending!
5|5927|Cary Grant proves what a comic genius he is. This is one of the funniest movies ever made.
5|21206|This movie is a tour de force. John Cameron Mitchell portrays Hedwig, a German-born transexual who becomes a down and out and then up and coming rock star in an unforgettable performance. Miriam Shor is also great in her supporting role as Hedwig's husband(?) and band mate, as well as Michael Pitt as Tommy Gnosis, Hedwig's protege-turned-nemesis. And the music (written by Stephen Trask and performed by the actual actors) rocks... BIG TIME. The story and characters are among the most unique and creative in recent cinema, and it also features animated sequences that are at times sweet and at times odd and provocative. There is tremendous humor, dark, dry and otherwise, and a deeply felt message that we must look to ourselves rather than to others to become complete. Look for this film to join Tommy and Rocky Horror Picture Show as one of the greatest and most subversive rock musicals of all time. The soundtrack cd is well worth your investment as well.
5|10965|This movie is one of the best I've ever seen and I could watch it many times. Kathy Bates stars at an ordinary housewife, whose life centers on her family and a fantasy. She wants to be a singer. Did you know Kathy Bates has a beautiful voice? I was shocked! She adores a British singer played by Jonathan Pryce. Just as she is about to get tickets to see her idol in person, her husband (Dan Aykroyd) gives her the news that he wants a divorce. This film is part musical, mostly comedy, part mystery and drama. It takes Fox's death to teach Grace (Kathy) how to to live: A life lived in fear isn't much fun. Grace's love is unusual because she gives it without demands. She accepted her daughter-in-law, who is a dwarf and named Grace's only grandchild Pokey. Grace never condemns and still loves everyone. This is a quirky, bizarre, very funny comedy. Grace eventually learns that there is more to life than being safe. We are prompted at the end to love unconditionally our family and friends, plus ourselves. That takes courage, but this film makes it work. The songs are fabulous and you can't help but keep singing them after the movie is over. Special guest cameo by Julie Andrews is another treat; she plays herself and sings too. There are many other cameos, like Barry Manilow and Lynn Redgrave. Highly recommend you go rent this movie today!!
1|23680|One dozen too many apes.
5|4387|LMAO comedy I know this is a great dreamworks hit.
5|60|this movie can be viewed as a race with the nazis to get the atomic bomb, but it doesn't need to be. the music is brilliant, the action is outstanding, the romance bounces between tragic and cute, and the slide show mood and content of the plot create an overwhekming sense of awe and doom. indy's intelligence is a subtle, but true factor. that and the conflict bewteen god and pure evil for the fate of the world. had harrison ford never made a movie beside this one, i am confident he still would be regarded as one of the greatest stars of all time. george lucas's influence adds the exoticism of the old pulps, and spielberg's direction is superb. how can you fail?
1|9454|John Cusack was in almost every scene. Therefore, I hated it. I think he's probably a nice guy, but definitely overrated. Successful only because other stars are in his movies.
5|23377|Easily one of the best movies ive seen in a long time, just second to Amores Perros. Eternal sunshine is one of the great love stories of our time told with great pace, inteligence and always avoiding corny spots (very non - hollywood). Very few movies have been this keen and this smart at trying to find the essence of love and of relationships in general between men and women. I used to hate Charlie Kaufman and dismiss him as an eccentric screenwriter in urgent need of a Valium or a mental institution, with this he reedems himself completely. Bravo! Matas Pontdebulle 
1|11154|hated it
1|19508|This wasn't a horror movie. This was just dumb.
5|24418|Well, since I suggested this film, I suppose I'd better write a comment. Strange Days (if you haven't heard of it) stars Ralph Feinnes, Juliette Lewis and Angela Bassett. It is set in LA during the final days of 1999. It centers around Lenny (Fiennes) who sells 'clips' (people put an electrical device on their head called a SQUID and it records images and emotions). He's still in love with his ex Faith (Lewis) who is in a nasty situation with her record company owner boyfriend Milo. Then the plot gets thicker.... I won't tell you the rest because it'll ruin it. This film is quite dark and has a superb soundtrack with Skunk Anansie, Juliette Lewis (yes the girl can really sing) and others. It has very moving scenes and concepts that will leave you gobsmacked. The ending is so wonderful, it warms your heart - and the end credits have great b/w stills from the film. If you haven't seen it I suggest you do, you won't regret it. (I hope) 
1|18616|A crappy, overrated movie with the overly annoying Nicole Kidman.
5|15982|I love movies that show how people can improve themselves to go & do better.
5|14444|Incredible!
1|3780|one of the worst movies ever made
5|8422|I thought this movie was better than the first! The whole cast was great, especially the obsessive Robert Deniro, go and see this movie because you wont be disappointed.
1|20216|I actually saw them film part of this movie in Boonton, NJ, in 1983. Not that that predisposed me toward liking it; I thought the finished product was a horrible piece of garbage. I'm all for encouraging the making of low-budget movies, especially low-budget horror movies, but there needs to be a requisite amount of talent and imagination involved in the formation of said low-budget movies, or why waste everybody's time? Not even entertaining in a so-bad-it's-good sort of way. If you're a hard-core masochist in search of punishment, go see an Ed Wood movie instead of this tripe...
5|7711|joybyc, do you know how to comment on movies? Then I will tell you: you're suppose to give a REASON why you didn't enjoy the movie, not if you liked it or thought it sucked. It's only idiots like these people who put Austin Powers movies down, everybody else (including me) thinks they're brilliant!
5|16253|... and a good soundrack as well.
5|2669|AS A FAST CAR NUT, I HAD GOOSE PIMPLES WHEN ELEANOR STARTED UP. THE MOVIE WAS OUTRAGEOUS. ALL I HAVE TO SAY IS WHEN IS THE SEQUEL?????
5|10622|I think people miss the point with this movie. It's not a comedy. It's a tragedy. And a good one.
5|21399|Easily the best of the Star Wars trilogy. The beginning battle was awesome, Yoda, Darth Vadar. The battles were all perfect. It had an open ending and a poweful battle which kicked ass. The dialogue was much improved from the first too.
1|24716|The special effects hardly make up for what the movie lacked in plot. Besides, it promotes animal cruelty (I overheard someone saying that the movie sucked, but the coolest part was when a dog's head was crashed against the wall... I bet they went home to try it.).
5|8344|tom hanks is able to play a little boy in a grownups body and make it believable. i loved his apt and he had all the best toys.
1|20570|A very bad score.
5|7077|A brilliant parody of the early movies, this is Brooks at his best.
5|22690|I thought X-Men was the best movie of the summer. The special effects were outstanding. The story line kept me excited and intrigued the entire time.
5|6369|Spartacus was a real Roman hero, and I think that the depiction of him is true to the legends that are written in Roman history. Some things in the movie are false but for the most part the movie goes along with history quite well.
5|22848|Great movie!!!
5|7063|Don't. . .put. . .the candle. . .back Still one of the funnies movies I've ever seen.
5|15028|I this was really good, especially Angelina Jolie.
5|1412|Maybe not the greatest, but has to be seen in 70mm widescreen and full stereophonic sound to really appreciate this film. In a large theatre with at least a 65 foot screen. 
5|14336|Excellent movie. I would recommend for all age groups. This movie shows how blacks were treated, not only in the past, but now as well. There are people who are mean and cruel and some who are respectful and humane. The movie has/had context and was enjoyed by all.
5|13459|Tom Hanks is fantastic.
5|20093|That movie was scary. It was a new style of movie. It was something new. They were good actors who knew how to act. They made the movie seem real.
5|3205|JOHNNY DEPP STEALS THE SHOW. AGAIN. HE ALSO WROTE HIS OWN CHARACTER'S OMINOUS, SEXY THEME MUSIC! 
5|836|A great movie with great actors - especially the kid. The story is great, and Sixth Sense deserves all of the award nominations which it received. If you haven't seen it yet, you won't believe the ending...
5|19174|This has to be the greatest movie I have ever had the opportuninty of seeing. Not only is it the perfect horror movie it's funny! It's a great movie to watch w/ a group of friends and I would never miss a chance to see it. Thorne, Mr. Pink, and Tarman know what they're talking about and everything I have to say about it would just be a repeat of what they've already said.I highly recomend Return of the Living Dead to everyone who gets a chance to see it.
5|17159|im the first to vote
5|188|Excellent movie. This one definitely makes my A list. The scenery is beautifully dressed. The story of William Wallace is legendary in its telling, and the battle scenes are magnificent. If you have not had a chance to rent this movie, do so. You will not be disappointed. I recommend a DVD set to wide screen mode.
1|22415|The nifty special effects could not save the horrendous acting. George Lucas has finally lost his mind. There was no good performance. Even Christopher Lee couldn't deliver the join the dark side speech in a way that didn't sound exactly like the first one from Vader. The crowning achievement in this horrible travesty of a film was Skywalker Sr. goes to rescue his mother. I literally was crying with laughter when she looked up into her son's eyes, just barely holding onto life, and says Ani? Is that you? Oh, you're so handsome. What is this? A visit to Grandma's? Just a perfectly awful film. The only parts I enjoyed were the parts when there was no dialogue to ruin it.
5|24593|This is easily the best movie that I've seen in years. Brilliantly creative and awesomely stylized, this amazing creation should easily sweep the Oscars this year (although Spider-Man 2 might put up a good fight). The acting is great, with Jude Law playing the hero and the beautiful Gwenyth Paltrow playing the Lois Lane-type. The action and combat scenes are astounding, and easily rival those of the original Star Wars movie and the best episodes of Voyager and Enterprise. The dialgoue is great, with lots of humor sprinkled throughout--including an uproarious running gag involving a camera. The imagination in this movie is seemingly boundless, as robots, planes, sea vehicles, air bases, and more lurk around every corner. A classic story of good vs. evil, Sky Captain and the World of Tommorow could easily be the best movie of 2004.
5|9728|A slightly above average war movie. M*A*S*H is based on the true life experience of the author. HE was a real doctor in a M*A*S*H unit in Korea. The book reads like a newpaper account of the antics of the unit. Fortunatly, the screenplay is much, much better than the novel. Elliot Gould, Donald Sutherland and Tom Skerrit all are terrific as the draftee doctors. Only Gary Burgoff as Radr made the transition from movie to TV series. The movie was based in Korea, but Robert ALtman wanted to make a point about the war in Vietnam, and have the audience thnk about Vietnam, so Korea is mentioned only sparingly throughout the movie. It doesn't matter which war the movie is set in, it is a biting indicment against war, and tha maddness which causes it.
5|1374|Great movie - soundtrack was terrific. A little bit of extraneous graphic violence could make some people squeamish, but you can close your eyes for a minute and not miss anything.
5|14450|I have two favorite sports movies that stand out from the rest...Remember the Titans and Hoosiers. Both coaches came into hostile territory and proved how they could help shape the lives of high schoolers. High School sports can make or break young people but these two coaches in these two movies helped make responsible adults out of their athletes. What made Hoosiers even better was Dennis Hoppers performance. Hackman's character not only made men out of boys, but inspired a man to be a man too!
5|12021|Ohhh man I've been pimpin since been pimpin, since been pimpin' funny junk! 
5|8436|HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAthis is the funniest movie ever I've got a crap on deck that could choke a donkey .HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH. It's kinda sguishy, I'm getting kinda emotional . HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH I will call him mini me . HAHAHAHAHAHAHHA. it's called a belgin dip . HAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Zip it chss zip it good . HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. HYouto noev hyntay subtitle ZIP IT . HAHAHAHAHAHAH. I'm about to travel though time I bid you ador . and he hits the wall and rolls down. HAHAHAHAHAHA. All I wanted was a fricken rotatable chair . HAHAHAHAHA. I want my baby-back-baby-back-baby-back ribs, I want my baby-back-baby-back-baby-back ribs, chilis baby-back ribs. HAHAHAHAHA 
5|7705|This is definitely worth the watch. It's really funny and it keeps you interested throughout the whole movie. This is one of my favourite movies.
5|4224|What a great movie for the whole family to watch. I found myself laughing more than my kids did.
5|20905|I love this movie so much! I love how they incorporate newer songs into their 1900 year scene. It's such a beautiful story with a sad ending. If I could have been in 1 movie it would have been this one!
5|2655|One of the few movies in my life that I have watched multiple times, and shared with many people. In the early 80's I read a review that stated that this was considered the best movie of all times!!! Humphrey Bogart was originally chosen for the role Sean Connery played. The movie was in the making for 30 years. 
5|6433|How can anyone ever want to eat a boiled egg after they see this film ?
5|9700|This movie gives a wonderful new spin on the idea of improvization. the witty lines and amazing ability to sing brings out a tun of laughs...this is a must see ...EUGENE LEVY is amazing and so it Katherine O'hara...the whole cast used their unique acting abilities to create a wonderful master piece THANK TO YOU ALL
5|14478|I really just loved this movie. I think it explains a lot! Also i luv Kate Hudson and i think she is an excellent actress and only more room to get better!
1|11791|Stupid! I wish we could give a 0 rating!
5|6355|Brando should have stayed at this weight. His I coulda had class, I coulda been a contenda... talk kayoes Olivier's Hamlet.
5|13471|Great movie from a great author. It was included in the book DIFFERENT SEASONS by Stephen King. Also in the four novellette collection was THE SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION and APT PUPIL, which were also made into great movies. Will Wheaton in his pre-STAT TREK days was brilliant for the first and only time in his thankfully brief career.
5|9066|CHRIS FARLEY'S BEST MAY HE REST IN PEACE. AND THOSE UP THERE WHO VOTED LESS THAN 5 HAVE MENTAL PROBLEMS.
5|10178|Good comedy for teenagers. Really cute movie about sex and teenagers.
1|12298|All Madonna had to do was play a version of herself and she couldn't even do that.
5|2133|I don't think I realized how much I liked this movie until the Bourne Supremacy previews started coming out. I was so excited for the sequel, that I realized how much I appreciated the Bourne Identity. It was a clever story, and the action was fast paced without being over the top.
5|18524|I thought Scream was a great movie because it was different from all the other previous horror movies. I thought it was a very fun movie and it kept me on the edge of my seat.
5|5884|Peter O'Toole is beautiful. This movie's cinematography is mind blowing. Also shows how a nation's greed (England) underscores any and all their actions.
5|5648|Movie grabs and sticks to you like a leech!
5|18530|It's a great movie. Very scary and unpredictable. Keeps you on the edge of your seat. The acting was good enough to make it an awesome scary movie. Drew Barrymore gave a great acting performance.
5|5890|Not only one of the greatest films of all-time but one of the greatest love stories of all time. The intriguing part is that it is unclear what Jimmy Stewart is in love with. The woman or the illusion of the woman. Hitch keeps the his characters and the viewer in constant disorientation in his best film. The soundtrack is also incredibly haunting.
5|4556|Great Disney release. Very ahead of its time. Great use of classical music. Great adventure for kids.
5|22860|I feel that the 2nd movie is way better than the first. The computer graphics are much more indepth and the plot kept you on the edge of your seat.
5|6341|An all-time classic. I saw it for the first time today and was completely dazzled, all the way from chilling start to slick, dynamic (and even more chilling) end. If you want a romantic flick that doesn't pile on the sentimentality then this is the place to start heading. One very big puzzlement that arose while watching this powerful and enthralling film, in which a young man finds himself falling in love with the daughter of the woman with whom he is having an affair, was just why so many people always refer to it as a comedy. I thought it was a lot more serious and haunting than funny. The obscure angles from which many sequences were shot were well done and added to the general unease, which Hoffman was successfully able to transfer to the viewers via his character's own fear and insecurity. And the ending was amazing - a real andrenalin inducer that rounded off the perfect film and brought it to a poignent but at the same time uplifting close. Heck, this film is worth watching for the brilliant sound track alone - I only have to hear 'The Sound of Silence' and it makes my heart skip a beat.
5|9072|People, people, people, what is going on here?! At the time of this message Tommy Boy is the LAST on this List!! You can't imagine how sad this makes me, never as I was casually scrolling down the page did I expect to see this. Tommy Boy...last in line, (head down as I say that). I was looking for The Cable Guy thinking a lot of people think that was a dark comedy and therefore half expected it to be at the end but Tommy Boy, uh this is terrible. Let's just recap a few scenes here shall we? Did I hear a niner in there Richard (D. Spade) asking Tommy about the phone number he called. When Tommy loses it in during the sales meeting and smashes the guys toy cars and Spade says as they're leaving that guy..might not call us Or in the motel room Richard whose your favorite little rascal? Alfalfa, or is it Spanky?...sinner Deer scene, fat guy in a little coat, side of the road fight, then in the restaurant hey Richard is there a mark on my face? nope are you sure cause it really hurts right along here nope, nothing Great movie, terrible loss that Farley dying and all but then again did anyone really expect him to last that long. 
1|21120|Bloody awful. One of the worst movies, musical or otherwise, I've ever seen. Would make the apostles think twice about their faith.
5|9714|My girlfriend and I found this movie to be completely hysterical. We haven't laughed that much at a movie in a long time. We went in with medium expectations (Will Smith was in it, so it couldn't be all bad) and were pleasantly surprised. I think this movie works because it's a reflection of how most people really feel about the dating scene. I particularly thought the last half-hour or so was great, when you see how difficult it is for him to talk to the woman he loves. I HIGHLY recommend this film!!!
5|1348|this is one of my favorite Tarintino films of all time. theres never a dull moment as this film rolls on with its amazing ensamble cast and its terrific script. this movie tells the story of a crime, but never shows the crime making it all the more brilliant. the crime is told through a series of flashbacks through all the characters, creating this perfect crime and telling how it went wrong and where everyone ended up, one of the most interesting ways to tell a story i've ever seen.outstanding performances by all the actors in the movie. brilliantly directed, my hats off to you, Quentin.
5|15772|Great movie, almost made me cry. War is terrible.
5|11514|ok, i loved the humor in this one better than the first and its totally more insane... but i think they play Finch WAYYY too much. he can only be funny to a limit. also, not enough Vicky and Jessica... i dont think they even had a role. Seann William Scott and Jason Biggs and Alyson Hannigan pooled this movie off nicely
5|20911|I have found that this is one of those movies that people either love or hate. Luckily for me I absolutely love it. There is so much ot discover in this movie. It is both heartbreaking and touching with its storyline, breathtaking with its aesthetic beauty and the music is just wonderful. Ewan and Nicole deserved Oscars. I urge everyone to open their minds and give this creative masterpiece a try.
1|23737|This movie was so cliched and predictable that i found myself crying and laughing with insanity at the same time from the stupidity
1|6808|I thought this was the TBN cast doing another telethon.
5|4230|Great movie for the kids. Plenty of humor for the grown-ups, too.
5|2641|The best of the 70's disaster flicks. Paul Newman, Steve McQueen, etc...
1|15285|Not exactly a true story. This is someone's version of a true story using true elements they want and disregarding other true elements.
5|9927|Funny as hell. I saw it three times. Each time it got better.
5|22135|The special effects were good. The storyline was a little complicated, but it was still a good movie. I can't wait to see part II.
1|3743|I hate Martin Lawrence. I hate his comedy, I hate his movies and I hate the fact that he even has a career.
5|24544|this movie is great. 
1|16767|The movie wasn't very real to me because of a lot of factors. The percussion work is impressive but too over done. I think the film made other people think "Oh cool, they must do that in drumline!" Nah-uh. Nick Cannon's not a very good actor. 
1|10470|I detest Tom Green (the most unfunny man in North America). The black fraternity scenes were too heavily borrowed.
5|17830|very good.It does a well job at being scary.
1|1632|This is the worst movie I have ever seen!! Although, I have never laughed so hard from a movie ever, I almost cramped up man. The flying looks so silly, at last I couldn't do anything else than laugh! hooh! by the way, if I could, I would give minus 5 stars. 
1|12267|I don't think I have ever seen physical comedy come off any worse. I was actually too embarassed to watch this film with anyone else, and while I think that Tom Green is funny, he obviously must be controlled to be palatable for large audiences. Unless you like animal masturbation humor, don't rent this.
1|7257|Total crap.
5|17824|one saturday i turned on the tv i couldnt turn it off for like 3 whole hours :D lets just say this is TOP NOTCH stuff. Theres sooo much suspense. Most people htink its old so it sucks and i thought so too. But omg this movie amazed me. It was one of the scariest and thrilling ones i have ever seen.
5|10193|This is great! I was blown away the first time I saw it, it's hilarious, sad, everything. Peter Sellers is absolutely wonderful as Chance, and Being There is just a great movie. I loved the atmosphere, and I don't think I can find much wrong with it. You should see it if you're a movie fan. Being There is great. Summary: HILARIOUS, SAD, GREAT. SELLERS IS MARVELOUS. 
5|8393|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen.
5|22647|The movie X-Men was great because the story was unusual and the cast played their characters well. The unusual powers that each character had made the movie more interesting than normal. Good looking characters help too.
1|3757|Just an action movie to showcase the onscreen partnership of Ice Cube and Mike Epps. Not very good at all.
1|16773|if there were negative numbers id give it a negative number but one is as low as it gets
1|5326|This is one of the worst books I have read. I am against racism, and this book is all about it. I have a copy of the book that also has very tiny print, so you have to watch what/when you bought the book, as the words are so small, it's almost impossible to read.
5|14493|I was really impressed with 'Almost Famous'. It had a lot of starting out actors but they were all fantastic. The story is about a high school guy who is a really good writer. He gets a job with Rolling Stone (RS has no idea he is so young) to write a story about an up and coming band. He goes on tour with them but along the way a story that is sad, funny, exciting, adventerous, and romantic develops. This movie had it all. One thing I look for in a good movie whether it is a horror, romantic comedy, or an action adventure movie is if I get attacthed to the characters. 'Almost Famous' did the job. I was into all the characters. It has so many different messages intertwined in the movie. The music is amazing with a lot of Led Zeppelin. It is a really good date movie. I have just heard some breaking news this weekend about 'Almost Famous' that I had to come back and share. This news makes me like the movie ten times more now. This movie is based upon the directors life. He used to write for Rolling Stone magazine and follow bands like Zeppelin around when he was a teenager. There really is a Penny Lane. This news has changed my rating and I now have to give it a 5 start rating.
5|20736|Classic!!!!!
1|23910|Nothing could have prepared me for the torrent of bile script spewing from a greek epic of dire, sluggish, tedious and asinine proportions as this joke of a farcical Hollywood movie. Of the many bad films I saw this year this one topped the pole easily. It made Van Helsing look like a cult classic, Gothika a Hitchcock inspired film and that loathsome Cold Mountain a historical epic in the same league as Gone with the Wind and believe me, it wasn't. One film has to take home the prize for worst film of the year and surely Troy is it. It's times like these that you can see the importance of actors having some classical training as the majority of them were reciting their lines as if they were reading from a rostrum camera and at their worst auto-cue cards. Brad Pitt looked somewhat like a greek god, but Achilles he wasn't. He looked like a californian surfer preparing for a friend's greek themed Halloween party. Orlando Bloom is gorgeous, but let's face it, he can't act if his life depended on it and relies on the supporting cast to save his talent. The women's roles in this film were awful they were simple eye candy, damsel in distress playthings with as much depth as a merky puddle. Diane Kruger looked the part of Helen, but she failed to make her character more than two-dimensional and at times believeable. Eric Bana as the almost courageous and heroic Hector didn't engage me, he bored me silly. The fight scene between himself and Brad Pitt was good, but what shocked me the most were actors in that scene watched Hector's death as if they were watching a bug killed in a bathtub, there was no sincerity of a valuable loss at all. Peter O'Toole as the father of Hector and Paris showed the younger generation of actors how you play a classical character and prevented this film from tumbling further into horrendous tedium. At times I felt as if I was watching a film students graduation movie. As a member of the audience I wasn't pulled in, I was thrown out. Simply put this film is TERRIBLE!
5|16284|I know it has doctrinal points that differ from mine, but I don't expect doctrinal perfection from a movie. I liked the Passion because it was powerful and moving. Mel Gibson put a lot of money and effort into this movie, and I'm glad he did. I went away with a renewed appreciation for the suffering and humiliation that Jesus endured on my behalf. Great movie, Mel.
1|11034|Fell asleep during this movie. And I wasn't even that tired.
5|18281|I love this Movie!!!
1|23938|Really dumb movie. It seemed like a movie made by the green party to convince us to stop driving cars or this will happen to us. It's totally ridiculous. The whole United States was destroyed but they were saved by moving to Mexico. Not only is the script reallly dumb but the special effect weren't impressive either. Hardly watchable.
5|10805|i loved this movie. all the references to past movies and cameos made it really funny and interesting for me.
5|3588|I don't know how people can act so negatively toward this work of art. It's one of the most beautifully photographed films i have ever seen, which is typical of Terrence Malick. I understand that it is hard to follow but lots of poetry is. There isn't a lot of action but there sure is depth in the characters.
5|21400|America's mythology embodied in the richest, most intricate film of the Star Wars saga. Character development and plot twists make this the best film of the bunch. Harrison Ford will never be matched in terms of intensity and embodiment of a space buccaneer.
5|21366|ive reviewed a lot of movies and the empiere is the best! greatest made move of all! i has toched my life so much its by far the most unforgetable thing in my life the is no classic move to get neare it! most incredable move for sound john willoms is the best! you will never see a move so loving and cool as this one! most awsomly i have always love the AT-ATs! and the awsome scene of the first fight betten darth vader and luke skywalker! and you have got to admit it these has never been a sence so awsome as when darth vader tell luke I AM YOUR FATHER! every move to date always looks upon that scence because for one good move theres a hundred made! i watch this move every two days not kidding! some times i will watch it every day! for a long time time! ive never seen a move from 1980-ever that will look so real and unbelieabe as this one! no move can ever reach or begain to reach empirer! if there one move to love love these one god bless gorage lucas and irvin kershner,harrison ford, carrie fisher mark hamill and anthony daniels and god may always bless star wars!!!!!forever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1|15534|this movie was horrible. it set a new low in filmic history for academy award winners, and possibly marked the point at which film reached maximum sentimental hogwash. right down there with dancing with wolves (fools). cameron has developed into a total fool, having created the rather remarkable terminator and then divorced his talented wife. 
5|605|Another classic. One of the best endings I've seen. Kevin Spacey has a breakthrough performance.
5|23571|NEVER turn this over whenever it comes on (should get it on disc). Even cut up, it's better than 96% of the sickly bilge cable spews forth. So many great moments you'll lose track. Another in a long line of Kurt Russell triumphs. Not as futuristic as you'd suspect (the World Trade Center towers are still standing), but puts you in a frame of mind as to how things might come down in a worst-of-all-possible worlds. EGG ON MY FACE DEPT.: As the film was set in 1997, the Twin Towers would STILL be standing (I initially thought the film was set in the mid-2000s). Just goes to show that Carpenter's even more visionary than I gave him credit for.
5|12974|One of the few exceptions where the movie lives up to the quality of the written story. Excellent.
5|6396|John Wayne at his best!One of, if not the best western of all time.
5|7088|All-star cast, hilarious parody. Full of memorable scenes and on-going jokes that somehow don't get old-- whenever someone utters Frau Brugher (sp?)... Gene Wilder gets to do plenty of yelling and acting insane, which is what he does best. When you're in the right mood, this is a hilarious movie.
1|18010|This is one those movies i only whant to see once. i didnt enjoy this movie because it was a very dark movie and it was weird.
5|12960|One of the top five movies of the 90's. Superb acting with a compelling script. Gives an indepth look into the prisons of post World War II America. Displays the power of Hope, it is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and like all good things it can never die. And, oh yeah, get busy livin' or get busy dyin'.?
5|6382|Still the King of Kongs and about fifty bazillion times better than the one that is currently playing at a theater near you. Jackson's film is certainly a lot better than the piece of crap that came out in the late seventies but transparent computerized special effects and a hundred extra minutes of story add nothing to this one-of-a-kind spectacular film. Don't let the acting performances or the thirties style dialogue sway your opinion, (they actually add greatly to the allure of the original) the special effects, featuring stop-action footage, are vastly superior than the souless art that we now let machines create for us. Oh yeah, and Faye Wray looked ten times better than the chick in the new flick.
5|21372|The greatest Sci Fi movie ever!
5|19835|jason is tha man an he kicks but in this very great muvie i luv it an i will buy it the first day GO JASON
1|15520|I tried to watch this, I really did. But right from the start, the film was not compelling to me. Bill Paxton is one of the first faces you see, and although he seems to have some gifts of late in directing his own films, he is a TERRIBLE actor. I could see no reason at all why an ancient old lady would take a helicopter ride out to the site of the wreck in order to tell her story. What, don't you have a TELEPHONE? The story takes place in 1996 after all. Leo Dicaprio is not a bad actor really, but the love story was the usual claptrap out of the Hollywood script bin, and was completely unrealistic. How the hell this won best picture is beyond my comprehension. James Cameron's The Abyss and the original Terminator had more compelling characters and better presented love stories, frankly. Dances with Wolves (another overrated best picture) was a better film than Titanic, but I honestly think they both won best pic only bacause audiences were surprised at themselves for being able to sit thru 3+ hours of film.
5|2682|This movie was great because it had lots of action. Also, I loved the cars that came out on in the movie. I loved the speed and the thrills.
5|10811|really only supremely funny for those people who have seen all of Smith's movies. The funny asides and cameos make more sense. However, this movie is still full of funny moments, even if the plot is so-so. This is the type of movie where you see something new every time you see it. Plus, Ben Affleck is in this movie, and he was the *BOMB* in phantoms, yo! ;)
5|21414|This movie put us in such awe, how could it not be a 5? most deserving of any 5 on this list is original star wars. The movie that changed sci-fi forever.
1|16997| Tuna and I agree that you should avoid this movie at all cost!!! The dramatic moment was the execution and suicide. However the Halle/Billy Bob plot wasn't exciting. They break up. They kiss. Blah Blah. I also love the writers for killing off the kid so his mother can have more sex with the old man.(sarcasm). 
5|15969|This was thought-provoking, indeed. If Van Helsing is what you're getting excited about, you probably won't like this film, I would think. Anyway, I see how there is an American critique in the film's themes, but I saw more of an allegory of the Christian faith. This is where the power comes from. Otherwise, I don't understand the ending if it's only about being anti-American. Brilliant I thought.
5|23203|Really enjoyed the movie. It sucks you in right from the start and keeps you on the edge of your street.
1|10869|A totally unappealing, rotten comedy that lacks heart--and mind. The isolated moments of wit (Such as the "When In Rome..." confusion) are drowned-out in the all-too-typical stupidity associated with most SNL alums. The raunch factor is quite high for a PG-13 movie (including one particular sight gag that was completely unfunny) and there is not a single likable character in the entire movie. It competely lost me when the kicked the dog off of the bridge. Mean-spirited, uncreative, and mindless--Anchorman needs to be cancelled from the realm of cinema altogether.
5|22492|Atmospheric, savage, witty and unsettling. A truly great movie.
5|13897|This was the ultimate American hero movie. It had an underdog, love and of course a wonderful ending where the underdog wins. Hurray Rocky!
5|11058|Even if you don't smoke pot this movie is hysterical. Yeah man.. Funions.. hee hee
5|3013|The main character ruled them all. He killed like 50 people over a puppy, if thats not awesome I don't know what is. His Gunfu was strong.
5|17429|My fave. It is beautiful, interesting and makes ya think. I wanna buy this Oscar winning classic.
5|5462| I rate this one EW , for Endlessly Watchable. Practically perfect in every aspect. 
5|5304|I love this movie, it's great. My all time favorite movie next to Gone With The Wind. Whoever gave this movie a rating of one star must have had a sad, neglected childhood and I feel sorry for them.
5|21825|A first class movie, faithful enough to the Tolkien writing to capture the essence of the book, yet with some slight changes that make the movie keep it's momentum. The battle scenes, and the good/evil conflict are right on. I highly recommend it.
1|24272|I'm so very disappointed! I mean I was a major Matix Fan. Both of the first two movies were so good what was the chances they would totally bomb on the last one. I'm sorry but the movie was terrible! What director kills the hero and the main character! Maybe a director from foregin films but nobody else is that stupid.
5|19362|As far as entertainment goes, both Scream movies are pretty much neck and neck. But the best film of the two is definately this one! This is the perfect example of what a modern-day horror movie is all about. Along with Silence of the Lambs Scream, this is probably one of the best horror movies of the 90s, if you ask me.
5|16051|The title of this movie explains it all. Both love and basketball are potrayed in this movie. The young actors and actresses did a good job with this film. I would tell everybody to see it at least twice.
1|20014|Unfortunately, Jason didn't go to hell and this far gone series is still churning out senseless sequels.
1|3582|Pretentious, self-indulgent claptrap. Beautifully photographed, it is like a prettily wrapped turd under the Christmas tree.
5|15558|This movie made me cry. It's as though they were meant to be together, but in the end, fate separated them. That's the irony. Plus, it showed the reactions of people during a crisis. Made me think of what I would do.
5|14646|It was a great movie for anyone who would be able to enjoy a movie with dance. It shows how hard it is to be a dancer and that some things are worth working hard for 
5|1162|Ok everyone gather round' while i tell u a tale a tale of the legend of John Rambo. Rambo (Stallone) was a vietnam war hero veteran, who during war saw all his friends get annahilated. He had no family and nowhere to go, the war vets were thought of as baby killers and other vile crap. Rambo went to visit his old budy that survived but wouldnt you know it, cancer ate him down to the bone, so having nowhere to go he heads for Bumtown (Portland) on his way there he gets picked up for vagrancy in a small jerkwater town by the sheriff. As u can guess Rambo didnt want a ride outta town so they booked him for resisting arrest. they take him in and "F" with the wrong guy, he escapes and heads up into the forest and hides out up there while everyone and their dogs (literally) hunt his ass down. But big John is hard to find (War experience) well i dont want to give away the ending so go see this if you havnt, before Rambo comes for you!!! "he drew first blood".
5|24785|Wasn't expecting very much but was very suprised. Enjoyed the action and the effects. Great visaully, and makes for a fun night at the movies.
1|19695|I have yet to see a movie as poorly directed, poorly written, and poorly acted (except by Jackman) as this one. I was SO looking forward to it, being a big Universal Monster fan myself. This movie was supposed to be a dream come true. Instead I got a convoluted plot, with mediocre special effects (a Stephen Sommers tradition), and the least believable romanian accents in the history of cinema (including that guy at the beginning of Eyes Wide Shut). This movie should be shown in every film academy throughout the world as a cautionary example of what happens when a GREAT idea is given to a mediocre director who, by the way, believes he can translate said idea into a plot and screenplay. Awful awful awful awful awful awful awful!!!!!!!!
5|13129|Good movie to bring home the horrors of the Holocaust. Also, it humanized the Holocaust so that young people could understand it.
1|20000|One of the worst horror movies ever made. Filled with cliches, unoriginality, a terrible script, plot, and horrible camera work. Rob has a lot to learn......
5|8634|god i want adam sandler
5|14652|It might be cuz I love dancing, but this is a great movie all around, and has good messages!
5|6619|A true classic!! The sixties summed up in a movie! Just shut up and take it 
5|21831|I don't understand those people who call fans of this series obsessed or nerds . I never even thought of Tolkein before all of this. I wasn't even into the cartoon version of his stories when I was little. In fact, I was forced by a seventh grade English teacher to even pick up The Hobbit. But something clicked in me when I saw the Fellowship last year. I never really liked fantasy stories because I couldn't grasp them, they just didn't seem real. Well, this IS real--or at least it seems that way. The characters are believable and lovable, the comedic moments are perfectly timed, the action is the kind where you gasp and squirm in the theater seats. This movie is fantastic, and it deserves every cent it earns.
5|5310|A great movie, I love it. It's just fun, especially when it turns from black and white to color.
5|16045|VERY GOOD MOVIE GREAT CAST, AS WELL AS A GOOD PLOT KEPT YOUR INTEREST THRU- OUT THE MOVIE LOVED IT. MS.D.
5|2319|The movie Spike Lee wishes he made.
5|10352|Great movie, I recommend it for anyone in the mood for a good hearted film. Jack Nicholson was just great in this movie. It was much funnier than what I thought it was going to be. One of the best movies of 2002, a must see.
5|23798|consolidates a genre--gets a 5. Mel Gibson is in a post-apocalyptic Australia where gangs and loners prowl around trying to survive at the subsistence level.
1|5681|If you have trouble falling asleep then I prefer Gone With the Wind. Someone pretty much made me watch this... and every time I think of this film I start to get a little sleepy!!! Why people rate this high is beyond me... that is obviously their own opinion, but WOW... snooze fest if I ever seen one!!!
5|14134|I like the movie because it relates to my life and I did not think a movie could touch my heart the way this movie has.
5|1610|Terrifying and very deeply disturbing. To make matters worse, I watched this movie when it was first released on video several years ago -- and I was still in my preteens. It terrified me and still gives me chills when I think about it. It is powerful and scary and definitely good for those nights when you want something to watch with your friends. One suggestion, though: Don't rent it for your kid's sleepover. Please, no. They'll never, ever sleep again. . .
5|22486|Good theme. Harrison Ford is an assassin hired to kill androids who penetrate a quarantine and come back to Earth. The Earth of that time is a dark and sinister place, and lots of weirdness occurs.
5|13883|All of the Rocky Movies were great, I especially liked the 3 one. The are great.
5|7261|Probably considered a guy movie, but a classic all the same. Makes you want to go out and buy naked lady tees after watching it.
5|4740|The Muppets are never going to leave so that is why I love the Muppets and always will!
5|11064|This was hilarious to anybody who has experienced fundamentalist youth culture first hand!
5|4998|Where should I start....Well this movie is just adorable!!!At 1st I wasnt too sure if I wanted ta c this movie but now i am very glad i did!! : ) There are very famous people who take the roles of the animals...for instance....there is ALEC BALDWIN and Charleton Heston..In this movie the dogs and the cats are enemies...The movie is about the cats trying to make every human in the world be allergic to dogs...and the dogs are going to have to try and stop them. If u like to c movies where animals talk this would be the movie 4 u....IT has adventure....comedy..and just a tad of drama in it....I already want to c it again....IT is just too cute!Go c it I recommend that u do!!!!! : o )
5|18726|i used to love these movies. i would watch them by myself and then i would be scared the rest of the night jumping at every little sound.
5|2331|This is my all-time favourite movie, along with The Mummy Returns. Great special effects and lots of laughs coming out of this one. I havent seen a better movie, and the best thing is there is no gory bits and pieces for me to puke on.I hope this movie becomes a classic, you cant get a better thriller than this. And my love for this movie may have been caused by an equal interest in Egypt. A great movie for the whole family!
1|9093|put the video club membership card down and pick the romance novel back up. this movie is awful. julia roberts has done enough damage to those sad parts of the american psyche that have actually paid any attention to her. my only regret in writing this is that i may now be spawning the next of her awful come around to liking me movies.
5|13673|Oprah was great in this movie. It is a long movie but worth the wait. It is a good cultural movie about African Americans.
5|6157|Although it now appears slightly dated, From Here to Eternity broke new ground with its critical evocation of military life and then daring romantic sequences (although the famous beach love scene between Lancaster and Kerr now seems rather tame). Brilliant acting by all. I actually find Burt Lancaster dominates the whole cast with his powerful presence - his strong performance was rewarded with a New York Film Circle award and an oscar nomination, although Clift is excellent as well.
5|7249|Steve Martin and John Candy work together brilliantly to put a hilarious spin on the odd couple. The those aren't pillows scene cracks me up every time.
5|13115|It was a moving story. It really touched me. It was sad how people were treated like animals. It was very realistic. Wonderful.
5|21819|I waited to see this film for a whole year, and the director Peter Jackson really made the wait worth its while! So far we've seen how the Ring was found and now we go on to see the journeys and battles of our (now broken)fellowship. The film,as expected, did not include evrything from the novel, but what it did miss out was replaced by the breath taking landscapes and new special effects. The best part was the revealing of Gollum, this character, generated from CGI, was depicted just as i would have imagined whilst reading the books.The voice and looks of gollum was so good that you would believe that ther really was a creature like this! The battle sceens were created by CGI as well and the casting and costumes were perfect. The only thing that didnt seem right was how the movie ended, but it does leave alot for the next movie...i cant wait to see how P.Jackson is going to make the next LOTR instalment even better!!!
5|17373|In a massive,futuristic,mechanised city,down-trodden underground workers are led to revolt by a malign female robot.Metropolis happens to have been,reputedly,Hitler's favourite film!Don't be deterred;after he came to power,the director Fritz Lang had the good sense to leave Germany.Of all the great silents, for me,it ranks second only to Murnau's sublime Sunrise .With its quite staggering, monumental set designs,inspired special effects and seemingly ceaseless invention,it still stands not only as a revered (gothic expressionist)sci-fi classic,but a true work of genius.
5|18040|This movie is scary because when everyone was in high school everyone knew that there were people in school exactly like that. I think that's why most teens are cool with people because you don't know how these people are.
5|4026|Pixar rocks!
5|10408|Like watching the best comedy before your very eyes. Best comedy in it's year, and had a great ensemble cast.
5|16079|Although this is a great movie, it barely holds a candle to the book on which it was based, A PRAYER FOR OWEN MEANY by the great John Irving. This movie barely touches the depth of the book. Due to the limits of movie making, they had to cut out a large portion of the book, concentrating on Simon's (Owen in the book) childhood. The book has the time and space to delve deeper into Simon's personality, his teen years, and early adulthood, and really plays up and explains the instrument of God theme much, much better. The movie ends with Simon's childhood. The plot of the movie basically cuts out half (or more) of the book, so the basic message of the story is lost, or not as deeply felt as it is in the book. There are many funny and interesting moments that would have made excellent scenes. Instead of the movie, there should have been a television mini-series which would be the only feasable way to translate this book into a motion picture. John Irving did not allow the producers to use the name of the novel for the movie, feeling they couldn't do the book justice. And he was right. Simon Birch is a great movie, one that I highly recomend, but you really should read the novel to get the full impact of Owen Meany (aka Simon Birch).
5|8608|Okay, I love this movie! Sandra Bullock was great, Benjamin Bratt was hot. What else can I say? See it for yourself!
5|15570|The action was great because of all the special effects. Leonardo and Kate made the story great because they were both meant for each other. It was a great remake from all the other old remakes.
5|9516|One of the more funny modern non-Disney comedy movies that I have recently seen, this one is great with the antics of Chris Rock and the sometimes-Deadpan, sometimes over-the-top comedic timing of Jackie Chan. Although not as good as the Jackie Chan cartoon, Jackie Chan Adventures, it is still a good movie with lots of funny dialogue and fight scenes. I wish they hadn't used bad language, however.
5|6625|A simple, searingly honest film, the kind that current Hollywood filmmakers have evidently forgotten how to make... must viewing for any classic film fan. Marty is a film with a message, about how intolerant society can often be towards those who - for whatever reason - don't couple up after a certain age. Again and again at the start of the film, the central character is assaulted by the shrill, abrasive, demeaning words, Marty, you're STILL single? You should be ashamed of yourself!...by customers/aquaintances at his place of work (butchershop). But instead of telling them to proverbially shove it, he takes their words to heart, and as a result, feels increasingly lonely, distraught, alienated and hopeless about life. To me, Marty seems like a quinessential 1950's film, as it captures the period, it's attitudes and style well within an urban setting. Highly recommended for young and old alike.
1|10841|For me, it was a 1. Bad, real bad. Gosford Park is too long. It's a British period piece wrapped up in a murder mystery. 10 of us went to see it. # walked out, 3 fell asleep, 3 figured it out, and 1 didn't care. But, if you're into the Brits and you really care about the charmed lives of British nobility, and you can tolerate a long movie where very little happens, then go see it. On second thought, ... 
5|6143|Bela Lugosi s performance in this film will always, in my mind, represent the consummate rendition of Dracula. He wasn t good looking by any stretch of my imagination, but he emanated old world sophistication and a kind of reptilian combination of repulsion/compulsion. And those hypnotic eyes! I once heard that he couldn t speak English at the time he was cast in the film and memorized and recited his lines phonetically. That may or may not be true, but he did easily and correctly give you the sense of someone attempting to fit into a culture and time in which he felt very foreign and removed. Others in the vampire genre have certainly been interesting, but this remains for me the classic version of a timeless horror story.
5|4754|I loved this movie It was interesting to learn about mythlogical gods because In school I've never studied that before!! I'm telling ya it's a fun movie!!
5|17401|Run Lola Run is fun to watch but you should do so with a rewind button ready - several clips are flashes of scenes in a row that go so fast you are meant only to get the gist of the events. The fantasy is original and the film techniques mostly support the overall mood. I didn't especially like the cartoon sequences interspersed (about 3 total) in the movie, but they weren't horrible.
5|2325|I loved this one. It is my all time favorite movie. The whole plot was kick ass! The Mummy's CG effects were very tyght! He looked like a real Pharoh later once he regenerated. Imhotep is my favorite villian and in this one he was evil and cool in the second one he came off as a tad on the wimpy side. In this one the story was so tyght. The characters are very likeable and cool even the villians. The Egyptian was as great as it gets. I think that Imhotep's relationship with Anck-su-namun should have been kept like this instead of her leaving him to die. Great movie check it out some time it won't disappoint
1|12065|How Ed Asner decided to do this movie, I'll never know. But, aside from that, it's stupid, disrespectful and of course, sick at times. Avoid.
5|22451|This movie is good, especially how Kirk out smarts the superhuman Kahn. Kahn is a funny character. He is smart, has a sense of humour and is controlling.
5|8185|Too funny for words. Total, utter, silliness and well worth watching.
5|24746|Freakin great film, never got bored during film at all, i only wished for more and more. Halli was excelent with her charactor, all of the charactors had an effect on you, either you liked them or you hated them(Not hating them becuase you think them movie sucked, you hated them beucase you like the evil of that character. Overall this movie needs a second one because I walked out of the theaters cat crazy and ready to to climb on walls.
5|6816|a duck!!!
1|779|Predictable!
5|20520|The original, a classic! I remember the first time I saw To Fly as a kid at the National Air and Space Museum in Washington D.C. Walking into the theater and seeing that awesomely huge screen, literally holding onto my seat as my eyes were flooded with scenes of the world as seen from above. Feeling like I was flying with the birds. I will never forget how that felt.
5|349|this movie is great. They mix honor, heroism, action, drama, and suspense together and get a full dose of what is known a gladiator. IT also gives you a good look at how fast someone back then can be so great, then so bad, then defy and emporer. That day when a gladiator could become more powerful than he emporer of rome. Some of them came for pride, some came for glory, he came for revenge. it also uses great quotes, A man once told me, death smiles at us all, and the only thing we can do is smile back. Crowe smiles
1|12717|More of a propoganda film that anything else. I'm a liberal, but I hate when my fellow liberals churn out false propoganda to brainwash the masses. Same for republicans and other politicians. Michael Moore may be a smart man, but he doesn't depict himself properly when all he does is piss and moan about one problem instead of adressing every aspect of it. FOR ONE THING, Michael Moore only adresses 4 countries in the world about gun violence. Look at some places in the middle east. Gun violence is worse there than America. We ought to go there and try and help those poor kids there. Michael Moore also spins some things out of control. SOme of the links he makes between gun violence and what causes it.......Jeez. In my opinion, What causes gun violence is poverty and overcrowding which also causes mental instability among many. 
5|20534|Great Movie! I felt like they were right next to me. It has an amazing cast including Jenna Elfman, Dave Foley, All of the Simpsons, Woody Allen, and Sharon Stone. Great Movie!
1|19642|How could they waste such a good cast on such a piece of poop movie, such as this!
5|22323|This was a good movie, even though I thought that there would be hella ass in this movie, but I guess I was wrong. But otherwise it was good.
5|6802|Released in 1974, Monty Python And The Holy Grail is the first film from the famed British comedy troupe. This movie is not for everyone as the British humor is a specific taste, the movie is very low production, and the screenplay is irreverent and full of odd animation. The story has our group of comedians Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Eric Idle, Terry Jones, and Michael Palin playing King Arthur and his knights as they tackle life during the Middle Ages and search for the Holy Grail. The film is full of classic lines and non-sequiturs as it rapidly fluctuates back and forth from the mundane (eg bantering political theory with peasants and deciding on how to spot a witch) to the grandiose (eg a Trojan Rabbit and a magically guarded bridge). Much like the Arthurian Legends themselves, the movie is much like a collection of related short stories as the various knights go on their separate quests and then reunite for the final challenge and an abrupt conclusion. The bottom line is that Monty Python And The Holy Grail has become a cult classic and right of passage that must be seen at least once.
5|13840|I really enjoyed this movie. I thought the teaming of Bates and Tandy worked great. I live a few miles from the Whistle Stop cafe and it is such a quaint place to go. It is like going back in time, and looks just like it did in the movie. No matter what you order you will get a fried green tomatoe on your plate. The food is very good and their fried green tomatoes are great.
5|8191|Very funny! Cameron Diaz is great!! I wouldn't have liked it as much if she weren't Mary!! Ben Stiller is really funny in it too.
5|24034|Best movie ever! I especially liked the violence, the dancers (Jessica Alba gives me tingly feelings), and the hookers with guns. I also liked the black and white with splashes of color. If the violence or the message grinds your gears, tough. Its brilliant movie making!
5|13698|The Dead Poets Society, in my opinion, is one of the best movies ever made and slightly underrated. Beneath the pure entertainment value of its interesting story and incredibly brilliant performance by Robin Williams, this film tells much about the soul's desire in choice of vocation versus just trying to do what's expected of us by authority figures such as parents and heads of prestigious schools. On another level I think it encourages the passion of books, poetry and reading. Besides Williams, all the other roles in the film were also well acted, and the students all seemed very real. 
5|13868|One of the best sports movies ever made. This movie almost didn't get made. It was written by at that time and unknown(Sylvester Stallone) and acted by largely a cast of unknowns as well and shot on a very low budget. It was also the first movie to use the steadycam. Yet it won best picture at the 1976 Oscars overcoming all odds..just like Rocky did in the movie. I can totally relate to the character of Rocky, a man so down in life and nobody gives him a chance they look down on him. It's just a movie about overcoming obstacles in life..and even if you don't succeed completely, atleast you went all the way.
5|1823|Kurt Russell carried the film very well. Powers Boothe was a great 'bad guy'... maybe his best work. I'm not a Val Kilmer fan now, but I was after I saw the film. Sam Elliot, Bill Paxton and Dana Dellany were good, too.
5|6194| allo cat, you poor no-named slob... 
5|407|AMASING - best film i've ever seen in my life - it helps having such a hunk as the main character - ten out of ten - it had it all !!!
5|21602|The best movie IN THE WORLD.
5|3952|also a great disney. had wonderful moral. dont always go for whats on the outside. has great music too 
1|9736|Just two words: not funny
5|11919|This was a fun movie - much better than others I have seen lately. Goldie did a super job!
5|361|Well, i loved the movie! we started watching it in history and i thought i wouldnt like it but then i got into it and had to rent it myself to finish it. i cried @ the end :( but i really think that movie was very good. *'* and the guy is HOT!!!!!! *'*
5|8807|I respectfully disagree with you callmetootie. Moonstruck is one of my all time favorite movies. I like to watch it every once in a while. Its perfect on rainy Saturday afternoons with a big bowl of popcorn. In my opinion both Cher and Cage are among the best actors ever, even in their early days. You need to see Raising Arizona with a young, talented brilliantly funny Nicolas Cage, and Silkwood or Mask with a brilliantly convincing Cher. I did enjoy them both in Moonstruck and thought their chemistry, albeit offbeat, was definately there, and realistic. As for Cage looking horrible-- Never--. He's not the typical Hollywood gorgeous leading man type, but he's great-looking in a realistic, manly rugged way that many women find appealing. And finally, I must say that the acting of Cage and Cher as well as the rest of the cast was suberb and everyone was believable as a Brooklyn family of Italian heritage.
5|23015|Oh Spiderman. Such a wonderful movie. Great graphics. I want to fly like that. Tobey MaGuire, Kiersten Dunst, they all did really really well. This had to have been a hard movie to make. All the technology that was put into it. But it was worth it. Can't wait for Spiderman 2 ! *whispers With great power comes great responsibility*
1|18574|what do people see in this EMPTY movie besides a great strobe light show ?
5|1189|Goldfinger (the third film in the James Bond film franchise released in 1964) marks the point where the series reaches cruising altitude and speed. All of the now expected elements are here: suave, lady-killer Bond (Sean Connery), Q's gadgets; Batmobilish automobile, tongue-in-cheek puns, and a killer theme song by Shirley Bassey. One also gets the feeling that Goldfinger (Gert Frobe) is every bit the equal of 007, though on the dark side. Goldfinger is the first in the series in which Bond has any real and extended interaction with his chief nemesis resulting in a richer film and better character development. The movie also introduces the exotic sidekick with Oddjob (which was revisited in The Man With The Golden Gun (1974)) and returns to using intriguing names for the primary Bond Girl in the form of Honor Blackman as Pussy Galore. The only real complaint with this film is the real time editing problem near the end of the movie when Bond is blindly trying to defuse a bomb as a nuclear scientist rushes down the steps to do it himself.
5|19389|I cannot wait to see this but I have chosen to live in a small rural town so I guess I will have to wait for video or hope it comes to the biggest town around here, Burlington VT. Fat chance. 
5|18097|Misery is about a nurse who has craziness and selfishness. The scary part of this movie is the story and how the camera focusses on the nurse's mind-illness and shows her hidden craziness caused by her selfishness. This movie is well-done since the story not only scares the audience by showing her brutal characteristics, but also also let the audience think about how a nurse could be crazy, or about her psychological problems.
5|2480|I liked how everything in the movie seemed so real. The special effects were great and the movie was entertaining. This movie gave me a view of how a real Twister might be like. I'm glad I live in California where there are not any tornadoes.
5|413|There hasn't been a film that is as moving as Gladiator in the whole of Movie Making History!!!!! It has just about EVERYTHING!! This is gonna be my favorite movie for a really long time!!
5|5489|The mom holding up the earrings - great! Fonda - great! the Oakies - great! Very realistic, and very touching.
5|21170|i loved Hair. wish i could see it live. i the songs are terrific and so were the actors.
5|22479|This movie is great, great, great, but then you have to be a Trekkie to fully love the series and movies. From the black and white and up until the Next Generation, Star Trek is the bomb!
5|1837|Bruce Lee's last movie is nice and more intense. My favorite part is when he killed O'Hara for the self-sacrificing of his sister. Then, the part when he fought in a one on one and also in the room of mirrors, where he finally found a way to kill him with a single fierce kick. My favorite part is when he is showing how quick he is with nunchuks. This movie is cool.
5|6180|audrey was awesome in this. one of my favorites.
1|11544|It was terrible back when it first came out and hasn't aged well. Stupid potty jokes and sexual humour. THis flick is childish and immaute and just plain dumb. I am sorry I wasted 90 minutes of my life on this crap.
5|374|Excellent film, enjoyed the action and special effects. I also enjoyed the screen play between the actors.
5|18096|One of the best suspense movies out there. I love the atmosphere of this film. And Kathy Bates, Kathy Bates and Kathy Bates. Amazing. Very good suspense/horror - one of my favorites. Reat the book too (by Stephen King), it's also good, although I prefer the film's ending rather than the book's. Kathy Bates rules.
5|3947|One of my favorite Disney movies of all time 
1|24298|This movie is horrible. I am not sure what the other people on this page were smoking when they saw it, but they must have been out of their mind. The writing was horrible, the plot was predictable and uninteresting. For most of the movie I was hoping that the machines would win and kill all of these whining pathetic characters. This movie was a greater dissapointment than Star Wars Episode I. Everything that was good about the first two movies was absent from this one.
5|19388|Two brilliant actors. A fresh dark and cleverly written script. Great directing. What does it equal? A box office bomb as well as a genuinly thought provoking and memorable film. The power and hypnotic precense of this film is given substance by the director as well as Willem Dafoes legendary performance one that will never ever be topped. This movie is flat out beautiful. A true work of art. A Must See.
5|21617|When the movie first came out i was skeptical about seeing it, i read the books when i was younger and wasn't that interested in those type of stories. But after watching the movie it definitely has changed my opinion it was awesome, the effects were great. I can't wait to see the next 2 films.
1|11223|Kate Hudson is obnoxious, and Matthew McConahay is sexy. Unfortunely, neither are funny, and How 2 Lose a Guy is a real disappointment.
5|8812|this movie is so relevant to people as old as i am. People who can remember the wayne's world phenom and SNL. This movie has so many great lines,a nd Mike Myers and Dana Carvey are so perfect together. The premise is fun. This movie has some of the most memorable lines of any movie of the nineties. great soundtrack, too. Wayne's World has changed the way the world looked at Bohemian Rhapsody!
5|24009|TWISTED! but if you have read my other reviews... that's my style... not a real little kid movie... TEDDY IS MY HERO! HE IS SO SADISTIC!
1|10883|This was one of thee WORST movies I had ever seen. I normally like Will Ferell but this was inane and utterly UNFUNNY. It was not offensive in the usual Hollywood sense of too much violence and sex but it I was offended that they tried to pass this off as comedy..do not wast your time or money
5|1836|Bruce Lee drops a lot of knowledge. The fighting choreography is excellent. The plot and acting is great. One of my favorite movies. Bruce is the man.
1|4561|Fantasia is a movie that will bore your child to death. There are no spoken words in it, but just some terrible, lousy music that a bunch of fat guys that you are introduced to in the beginning are playing.
5|22478|KHAAAAANNN!!!!!
5|18928|It's been a long time since a good horror movie came out. If you are into a good scare Stigmata is a great one to rent. It has good effects and great acting. If I was to compare it to another movie, the movie that would fit best would be The Exorcist.
5|16905|I think this was one of the greatest movies ever. It had a lot of good messeges in it. Eminem is definetly a good actor and i hope to see him soon in another movie.
5|5488|Excellent cast and story, but is it ever sad. A family of Okies head out to California hoping for a better life, and it really flies back in their faces. Definitely a tear-jerker.
5|412|An awesome movie with great special effects. Ridley Scott does a great job of making the period come to life.
5|4782|awesome movie. very cute and entertaining. i loved it
5|406|This movie integrated computer graphics with real life well. It is the modern Ben-Hur classic. The movie was relatively clean. It had a good simple message. Great actors.
1|20954|i hate this movie it is the worst thing to every hit the screen i would rather have my toe nails ripped out one by one than see that movie. i swear to god if i had the power to abolish this movie from time constrants i would. to be honest midevil torture would be mor pleassurefull than this god dam movie
5|6195|I love the way she looks in this movie. I only wish that I had an interesting life like hers.
1|17120|Horrible movie with ridiculous, phony acting.
5|1822|Val Kilmer's best ever role. Absolutely wonderful movie. Would watch it again and again.. and i have! HIGHLY recommend it to anyone.
1|10129|No way! I fell asleep about 5 minutes into it.
1|18575|this movie has no heart soul, it relys entirely on special effects which, unfortunately, started a trend in Hollywood Horror movies. Jobeth Williams was very good though.
5|8806|This is what a romantic comedy should be. Excellent standout performances by Cher, Nicholas Cage, Vincent Gardenia, and Olympia Dukakis. Cher is a mousy office manager who falls for Nicholas Cage, an embittered baker. Vincent Gardenia has some nice moments as Cher's dad. I don't usually care for romantic comedies, but I highly enjoyed this one, because it had some brains to it.
5|18082|Another one of the best horror flicks! I enjoyed this movie very much. Kathy Bates did an incredible job as the freak woman. I loved the little names that she called everyone too!
5|3953|Best Disney movie ever. Incredible animation and the story has real heart. The songs are some of the best ever heard in a Disney movie.
1|15051|Talk about a boring, pointless, disappointing movie! I mistakenly thought that Girl, Interrupted was going to be a moving, inspirational story about a woman confronting serious mental illness. Instead, the main character (played by Winona Ryder) has no legitimate reason for committing herself to a mental institution, and viewers are subjected to watching her pathetic, self-indulgent behavior as she finds herself among the crazies. Even worse- the movie drags on and on, and I feared it would never end. I started feeling suicidal myself during the last third of the movie and only watched the rest because my husband wanted to see the ending. You have been warned!
5|6803|Its the most amazingly innocent-humoured fil EVER! There are some classic characters (the black knight, nights who say neep, killer rabbit,) and its just an azaming experience!! i would recommend it to ANYONE!
5|14848|FINALLY a movie with heart! FINALLY a decent movie. This is one of the best modern day movies made. Good directing, excellent writing, outstanding acting and decent production.
1|19643|One of the greatest waists of talent, money and time ever made. A huge smack to the face of any contemporary horror fan and any fan of old Hammer films, for this has to be the most god awful remake ever made next to the remake of Night of the Living Dead. You would be better off Watching Bring it on or an equally horrid film like Pearl Harbor. House On Haunted Hill 1999 is pure sh*t. Stay away at all costs.
5|20535|I really liked this movie. It was good to see all the extreme sports on a three story tall screen. All the snowboarding was really good, and the surfing part is just as good.
5|348|such a great historical movie. i think one of best in movie's history.
5|18914|Great soundtrack!
1|11579|I wish I could have my hour and a half back.
5|13699|One of my favorite movies of all times. I can still remember that almost dizzy/stunned (in a positive way) feeling I felt after going out of the movie theater the first time I saw it. Robin Williams' best role so far and a performance he will hardly ever surpass. Let's not forget that Peter Weir (director) is THE MAN behind this masterpiece. Many young actors went on to become well-known names after this movie. +The ending, which, as someone else has also written, is one of the best in film history (the only one that perhaps surpasses it is in Citizen Kane ).
1|17108|The plot is not clear and the acting was not that great.
5|13841|I think this is a very good movie. It has really superb acting by all the main people, and it has a good look to it. But the script takes a few liberties that I disagree with, and there a some flat out mistakes in it. I would still recommend the movie though, because if you haven't seen it as many times as I have (too many to count) you won't notice any of the mistakes, and it is very entertaining. However, I reccommend reading the book, too, because that is the best version of the story. 
1|20968|I dislike dancing in general. I think if people want to go humiliate themselves, Go on ahead and do it! The music isn't my style either. 
5|24021|This movie is exactly what it wanted to be and should have been. Violent, funny and prophetic. The commercials intercut with the action are classics themselves. With the recent reign of survivor and temptation-type shows I cannot help thinking about dobermans attacking rope-climbers or I'll buy THAT for a dollar! Director Verhoeven is probably the only one who could film John Brunner's Stand on Zanzibar and get away with it.
5|13855|A true modern classic. The slow motion fight scenes are, indeed, realistic and bloody. De Niro is amazing in this movie about LaMotta. There are adrenalin rushes aplenty thanks to Martin Scorcese's fine work.
5|22450|Seamless addition to the original series by continuing the past origins with contemporary film techniques. Arguably the strongest film of all the 10 thus far, Star Trek II: The Wrath Of Khan set an undeniable precident for adherance to the original, superb acting, and multi-syllabic language in a world fraught with single syllable movies.
5|18900|I was totally frightened when I saw this movie as a young boy. To this day, its images haunt my memory of one haunted house in Northern California. Obviously it was presented in a manner that succeeded to convey the story.
1|12064|Incredibly stupid movie. I can't believe anyone would pay to see this, let alone believe anyone would get paid to make crap like this. About fifteen minutes was all I could take. Usually I can make myself sit through a movie like this, but even I have my limits. Complete waste of time.
1|778|one of the stupedist sci-fi movies ever, so stupid that its not even funny. Shamala is a crook who comes up with rip off screen plays. He should change shamala to shaman, which fits his negative iq more appropriately, everybody remember, don't go see any of his movies, last time i checked he's being paid what all of our forefathers combined salary: something like 50 million or so for a screenplay. Shamala needs to stop selling his fraudulent crap and shoot himself.
5|16093|I liked this movie because I'm a big fan of Natalie Portman.
1|10115|Worst movie in the world...CHEERLEADERS SUCK!!
5|6817|good on ya mate
5|24747|The movie was worth seeing, not just because Halle was wearing a skin tight outfit but because it has a good storyline and is quites comical. It also gives an interesting twist to the actual story of how catwoman came about.
5|6624|Marty is a wonderful movie. Ernest Borgnine plays Marty a plain looking man who is in his thirties. He lives with his Italian mother. He is a lonely man who has never really had a girlfriend. All of his siblings have married and left the family home. One night he goes to a dance hall and meets a sweet,but also plain woman.His mother and two buddies {who are not married} try to wreck his relationship with his newfound girlfriend. Marty is a terrific nice guy who finally has a chance for his own happiness he has to decide whether to follow his own heart and go with this girl or let others pressure him agains it. P.S. it has a happy ending. this movie won an oscar for both best Movie and best actor. this is one of those quiet little movies that did not make a big splash at the movies. but is a great little movie.
5|13100|great movie! praise to spielberg for bringing the holocaust to life. equal amounts of praise to neeson, kingsley, and fiennes for the roles of a lifetime. this movie should've won awards. oh that's right, it did...it was obviously the academy's best picture, and the afi ranked it in the top 10 of all-time best. not bad.
5|15571|Is there a higher rating? My review for this movie might exceed anyone elses here. The people who are bad-mouthing Titanic can not see between the line of criticism. James Cameron has created a substantial film for history (as far as the CGI visual splender) and this love story should have enough touching moments to carry the most heartless of us through the 3-plus hours of nasty co-stars, the small amount of cheesy dialoge, the intensity of drowning, and all the horrible floating bodies. I've been a Cameron fan since The Terminator, he's never disappointed me (with his movies) and if he keeps making his masterpieces, I could never get tired of seeing movies. 
5|8609|Okay, Sandra Bullock is one of my favorites and I thought tha she did a great job with this movie! I thought it was creative and funny! It had me rolling on the aisles with laughter. And Sandra Bullock even made it better. No one could have played that part like she did.
5|4033|Great! One of the best films of all time, and the best of the animated ones so far! The voices fit the characters well and it's funny and cute.
5|2442|Has a great sound track and the best bond film that Roger Moore starred in. Must see for all Bond fans. The boat chase is one of the best chases in movie history.
5|3984|One of my top 5 Disney favorites. It never gets old.
5|18733|Okay, they can be cheesey. But Jason deserves more respect.
5|17400|one of the most original movies to come around in along time. It drives home how bankrupt Hollywood is when it comes to originality and creativity.
1|15938|This movie was incredibly boring. It took too long to figure out what was going on and by the time you did, you didn't even care anymore.
5|11071|Ok I really loved this movie saw it twice in the movie theatre...I really recommend this to EVERYONE! You know I really dont like the people that really take the jokes personally...hello their called jokes for a reason. And I really loved that they embraced everything with the gay community because I have a gay relative and I really thought that was so beautiful...go see this movie it has a wonderful message to send...
5|4755|Absolutely loved this interpretation. The music was incredible and the animation superb.
5|12578|This is probably one of my favorite Christmas movies now just because of all of the hilarity. The tanning scene is so priceless! 
5|14109|The movie that proves Jim Carrey actually has acting talent. I love the basic plot of the movie which explored the idea of reality TV before the actual fad hit the airwaves in the form of Survivor and Big Brother. If you want a comedy then this isn't for you, but if you're looking for a well written, well acted movie that explores a somewhat controversial issue, then this is your movie.
5|13666|A really beautiful movie. Whoopi Goldberg was spectacular. That first time she smiled, when Shugg Avery was there, it made me cry. She was so raw, so real. I think that is possible the best acting I've ever seen. She did a wonderful job in very few words.
5|7248|An all-time favorite of mine - it is hysterical! John Candy was such a funny actor and I miss him in films. Steve Martin usually has great films too. I'd recommend this to anyone who needs a good bunch of laughs. 
5|15203|Hoo-ah!!!
5|1639|I have to admit...when I first saw the ads for this movie I was highly pesimistic. Now after seeing it, how wrong I was to judge!! (obviously if you don't mind reading sub text at the bottom of your television screen than you should be alright watching this movie.) I found myself crying at the end. Beautifully crafted and amazing fighting scenes, I could hardly move I was so enthralled. Seriously.
5|6156|Classic, definitely the best non-musical ever made. While all five stars do a splendid job, Deborah Kerr really takes the cake. Despite Karen's problems you really feel for her, and Deborah brings an elegance to the role that would otherwise have been lost. Wonderful movie, wonderful cast.
5|13672|I gave this movie a five because it has a historic meaning. It gives a good picture of black women's past experience.
5|17414|This is the way food is supposed to be done. Like Water for Chocolate could learn something here.
5|4999|People should stop whinging that this cartoon is to voilent for thier kids and it is not what you would expect from an animated film. Listen to yourselves! you are actually slagging the film off for being different ie. ORIGIONAL! ok the plot was not the most origional ever to hit the big screen, but then name an animated feature whose plot was not predictable. This is one of the best cartoon films i've seen and as for it being too depressing for kids - bad guys do bad stuff, boy stops them, boy falls in love, boy saves day, everyone happy. GET A GRIP!!!
5|11065|This is the # 4 best movie ever on my list. Mandy Moore is classic as Hilary Faye! She understands the character and is very funny (satirically). I can't stand people like those in the movie, and this satires it perfectly.
1|23520|i won't let averages play a role in being a better movie. This one was terrible!!!!!
5|4027|This is another example of how amazing Pixar is. The animation was superb and nearly lifelike. But even better than the effects was the heart in the story. What I also liked about it is that usually these kinds of movies are about the kids. But this one was about his overprotective father. I LOVED DORY AND BRUCE! The idea of a fish with memory loss was strange, but turned out to be hilarious and cute. And the idea of a shark being on a twelve step plan to a fish free diet was a good joke on all the plans there are out there today that don't work. The starfish was cute too. I was also having my doubts about seeing William Defoe doing a kids movie, but he really shone. The tank gang were all so cute. I loved how they each had their own personalities. There was one that was protective of bubbles, one that was a french cleaner crab (or whatever it was) and one that thought that her reflection was her sister. They showed living in a tank was like for the fish, and that it could do things to ya . The demonic eight year old with braces really rapped up the idea. When I asked other adults what there favorite summer movie was, they replied Finding Nemo! , not Seabiscuit or Pirates of the Carribean. And they didn't even go with their kids! They went to see it themselves, because they wanted to see it! Overall, a great story, cast and the numerous jokes makes this by far the best movie of the summmer. Truly lived up to if it did not surpass Toy Story and Monsters Inc. I can't wait for Pixar's next movie. 
5|17372|Eisenstein's legendary silent milestone- possibly the single most important and influential film in the development of cinema as an art form.Depicting the 1905 mutiny by a disgruntled battleship crew,joined in revolt by the civilian populace against a brutal Tsarist regime,the film goes far beyond political propaganda.With its masterful symphonic structure,prodigious choreography and above all the dynamic and suitably revolutionary montage editing (peaking in the celebrated Odessa Steps sequence)it remains a highly impressive accomplishment. Strike (brilliant also), October , Alexander Nevsky (stunning black and white cinematography) and Ivan the Terrible 1 and 2 (Daring,operatic style) are other Eisenstein classics worth seeing.
5|3990|The best disney movie ever. I never laughed that hard in a movie. Dori is just hilarious. Ellen deGeneres did an outstanding job. I hope that they'll do a second one. This is not just a movie for kids, it is for the whole family. And I usually don't care for Disney movies.
5|21818|So many people have done an extensive analysis of the movie, that I will refrain. I will just say that it is dark, threatening, and there are long moments in which one suddenly realizes that one has forgotten to breathe for a while. Even on the 6th showing. Yes, there are variations from the book - yes that bothers me as a die hard Tolkein fan (one who has read the series once a year since the 70's, on average) - but I have never before seen a movie 6 times. Nuff said?
5|9503|I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS FRIGGIN MOVIE!!!!! ITS THE FUNIEST MOVIE IVE EVER SEEN!!!!! I COULDNT STOP LAUGHING AND MAI STOMACH HURTED!!!! ANYWAYS I LOVE IT .. 5 STARS DUDE
5|13114|Powerful story. Showed me the morbid details the Nazis put innocent people through. It made me realize I'm lucky to live in this era.
5|15565|An excellent movie. Watched it three times and bought the video. It was very realistic and well documented.
5|16044| I loved this movie. Finally they come out with a good movie with sports and romance in it. It also has real life problems in it. I think this was one of the greatest movies of all time. 
1|22616|X-Men was more of a movie for kids. It's a movie that has no point. The ending makes no sense and resolves nothing. X-Men is a cartoon that should remain a cartoon.
5|5311|I love this movie. Now my kids love this movie. There is nothing like this wonderful escape into a world of fantasy where the good ones come out the victors. Sadly, I only realized in recent years that the scarecrow, tinman and the lion are the same people as those on the farm (I can be a bit slow sometimes). A great tale of friendship, determination and realization.
5|10435|Mel Gibson is the best 
5|6618|The greatest of the rebellion-for-the-hell-of-it movies. A film that has influenced lives and gone down in the American lexicon as a representation of the counter-culture lifestyle. Peter Fonda and Dennis Hopper in unforgettable roles, and Jack Nicholson in the film that made him a star. It has also given us one of the great film images, Nicholson and Hopper posing on the bikes while the Holy Modal Rounders' If You Want to be a Bird plays. All in all, one for the ages.
5|14653|i thought this was such a good movie! it made you want to get up and dance. it was very inspirational and gave me confidence as a dancer!!!
1|2851|As far as I was concerned this movie didn't need to wait for another day to die. It was pretty much dead up ther on the screen.
5|23941|I like this movie a lot it was fun to watch.
5|7260|One of the funniest movies and one of the greatest comedy cast ever. Up there on the comedy classic list!!! And hey, always good when the underdog comes out on top!
5|22487|One of the all-time underrated films virtually ignored when it was released in the early 80's - it was just too dark and deep for movie audiences at the time. Luckily, it has earned fame in VHS and DVD rentals. Ridley Scott's best work since Alien.
5|1611|I'd say that this is one of the few movies where Brad Pitt excels (along with Fight Club) Morgan Freeman is fantastic as always and together you have a brilliant realtionship. This film is extremely dark and full of suspense. Each mrder is gory and you get to hear or see it in great detail. The tension mounts as the film progresses and it certainly has a climatic ending. The music is really good (opening music by NIN) and I love the opening and ending credits. An absolute masterpiece.
5|14135|This show has something extra - it remains with you long after it's over, raising questions, bringing up new perspectives, etc. Jim Carrey was a good choice, but he didn't seem completewly restrained to me - there were a few over the top moments. These were balanced, though, by some incredibly good acting.
1|22170|Despite the film's complimentary reviews and it's growing legion of fans, it is terrible. A special effects extravaganza and not much more. A somewhat confusing plot, and long periods of unexciting storyline don't help this movie live up to it's comic book beginnings. Maybe it can all be summed up in two words: Keanu Reeves.
5|5477|Stalag 17 has a terrific balance of comedy and drama.It was written by Billy Wilder at his best and stars William Holden at his best.
1|15904|Having read the objectionable content described on Screenit!, I can certaintly tell you that I would never watch this movie.
5|5463|One of Hitchcock's 3 or 4 best. The story is a representation of one of Hitch's most prevalent themes in his work-the innocent man wrongly accused. Cary Grant is never better than in this film as the socialite who is mistaken for a spy and gets embroiled in a bad situation. Eva-Marie Saint is also very good at filling in the customary Hitchcock blonde . James Mason is great at being subtly bad, and he goes out on a great closing line. Martin Landau is just plain creepy as the murderous henchman. The crop-duster scene is one of the great images in cinema, and the final shot (a train going into a tunnel) is so brilliantly heavy in the innuendo department that I wonder how Hitch got away with it in 1959. Not as deep or as talked-about as Vertigo , but this film is still one of the Great Films, and it is the ultimate adventure-thriller film.
1|15910|Pure crap.
1|24515|Basically we have "The Exorcist" meets "Rosemary's Baby". If you enjoy special effects at the expense of character development and plot, by all means - indulge yourself. Personally, I found this about as interesting as a trip through a meat packing plant on a golf cart going 120 miles per as I'm paging through a comic book of the Gospels according to the mentally deranged. But, I won't go there since there isn't enough space on this page to cover the pathetic use and abuse of theology. I'll just sum up by saying; not funny, not frightening - just near sited, ill informed and very, very dumb. I'll hand it to Reeves though; he apparently stays on top of the acting game just enough to get first choice at the high budget glitz - wherein his only requirement is to storm around like a male model with an inflamed hemorrhoid spouting what might pass as witty one liners - provided you are still in high school. It would appear that the formula is; throw in enough special effects as camouflage and anyone can look like an actor. Sadly, and for reasons I can no longer remember, I gave him a bit more credit than that. Up until now.
5|7274|the greatest golf movie next to happy gilmore
5|22493|One of the most dark and gritty movies of the sci-fi genre, Blade Runner never ceases to impress. Ridley Scott's meticulous attention to detail makes for great cinema. The cinematography is something to behold. Besides that it has a great script to back it up. Rutger Hauer is positively wicked as the villian Roy Batty. He has one of the best lines in movie history at the edn of the film. All my memories, lost like teardrops in the rain, time to die. Harrison Ford plays a good foil to Hauer's insane villain. He's great as the seasoned pro Deckart who has doubt about what he has to do to the replicants.
5|14121|It's a movie for everyone, everyone would like it. Eventhough Jim Carrey isn't being funny he's very good and entertaining.
5|9259|a great movie for nerds like me who like to quote the funniest scenes of movies. My friends and i can go on a spaceballls kick all day. This is a great lampooning of the first Star Wars movies, and i think even people who haven't seen the Star Wars movies will find this one very funny.
1|10868|This was a comedy, thats news to me because I found no humor in it what so ever. Its typical Will Farrel fare a lot flailing about and badly delivered dialog. Don't waste your money renting the DVD its just no worth it.
5|13128|This movie was the most gut wrenching, moving movie I have ever seen. It was wonderfully done with just the right amount of symbolism. For emotional release, nothing could be better. I believe that everyone should see it.
5|1163|You better run cause Big John Rambo is on the loose and is pissed of at that hick town and the damn sheriff. watch out cause Rambo has his own war and he didnt draw first blood. this is an excellent outdoor film that makes you thirsty for revenge and blood. stallone should have won an Oscar, best movie of that year as well. "he drew first blood!!!"
5|14647|I loved this film; it makes you want to dance right in your seat.
5|15559|One of those classic movies that you would like to see again and again. This movie had a wonderful story.
5|7512|this movie always makes me smile. Great comedy and a great team (belushi and akroyd) set to a fantastic soundtrack.
5|16050|Being that I used to be a tom boy, I really enjoyed watching a movie about one and written and directed by one. The movie is very positive and links life lessons to things that are more tangible, such as basketball.
5|19363|It's my favorite of the Scream trilogy. I just hate Dewey...
5|5305|A true classic!!! Great songs, great characters, great story. Nice good guy/bad guys. A true classic and revolutionary in its time.
5|610|Kevin Spacey is the greatest actor, and he does some of his finest work in this movie. Thrilling AND action packed! It's great for everyone!
5|4594|I love the Harry Potter movies and books they are both great!
5|17819|Most people are looking for Stephen King's novel brought to life - but Kubrick basically abandoned everything King had described aside from names and the basic plot line. Kubrick just used the spine of the novel to create his masterpiece around. He also had many different purposes for changing things - and even though I read the book first, I think Kubrick's movie tells a better, more real, effective and horrifying tale.
5|21373|one of the best movie I've watched, good endings, good stories, lots of character in depth and background, good special effect for that time, good costume for that era, genius sequeal plan.
5|5852|Just a great movie. Great cinematography and a great story with HISTORY.
5|6383|Classic movie and scary when I was young, well made for the era......
5|12961|This is one of the best movies ever made! I was forced into watching it by my best friend, and i thank him everyday (well not literally) for watching it with me. A touching movie about the unbreakable spirit and the untouchable feeling of hope. wonderful, even bought the book while i was in london.
5|23564|This is one of my most favorites! I actually like this more than Lord of the Rings! Tom Cruise is sexy, it has a great plot that's is surprisingly similar to a tweeked goth version of Swan Lake, plus the elves & dwarves are just hillarious^o^
1|11021|How did this movie get funded???
5|7923|It was a real laugh. My mom and I must have watched it a thousand times
1|18763|I would rank this as the most boring movie I have ever seen. Scary ??? for a 7 y/o possibly.
1|16996|This by far was the WORST movie I have ever seen. Someone please tell me why in the world Halle Berry won an Oscar for her role in this piece of crap movie. I not only wanted my money back after this movie was over but I wanted my time spent watching this crap returned too me. Worst movie ever made!! Very bad Oscar choice!! Did they see the same movie as me?? I would think NOT!!!!
5|21415|This flick is the best of the lot. It establishes the genre. Now I'll admit that the first sequel or two weren't that bad, but overall this was the climax of the entire gaggle six movies. The last three were indifferent to stinker.
1|13636|And the indoctrination of America continues...
5|2683|Another Nicholas Cage winner. Gone in 60 Seconds is awesome. Angelina Jolie is great and her blond locks look good. See this if you like pretty people and fast cars.
5|18294|Wonderful, who says villains can't have a scense of humor. He is evil and funny at the same time. If I was going to be killed I would want Freddy to do it.
5|21401|This is one of the best sci-fi sequels in history. It created a darker mood than Star Wars: A New Hope, and really created depth to the characters in the film. Luke becomes stronger and learns his ties to Darth Vader, and as a filler movie in a trilogy it still holds its own. For a spaghetti space western it remains as one of the most fun and action packed stories in American pop culture.
5|10804|MOVIE GOLD
5|18280|Right up there as a classic.
5|2697|Great cars especially the porsche at the beginning cage was great as usual as for jolie she is absolutely gorgeous !!!! Do not miss!!!!! 
5|7937|Funny, well put together....Nice story this is a great movie and it is complete.
5|23216|This is a great film!
5|22108|Well, it's time once again for my favorite Rate It All pasttime: singling out morons! And the award goes to...ClassicTVFan47! What kind of neo-fascist are you? You have a seriously unhealthy obsession with profanity that might do well by some professional counseling. Did the guy who stole your lunch money say F*ck every time he did it? What's the hang up, the association? I think I've sufficiently handled the subject of profanity in my comments on Swearing, so anyone interested should look that up under my comments. I decided to read a few of your comments after I saw your rating of Jackass or as you so eloquently state, The Donkey Show. What a mental midget. And I thought I could let most of it slide until I saw your comments on The Matrix. A boring, tedius, pessimsitic sci-fi film that is terribly overrated, the Matrix combines objectionable content with a plot that creeps you out. Star Trek is the best sci-fi franchise out there, so watch the hundreds of hours of brilliant sci-fi than this boring movie. What exactly could be so objectionable about the content of The Matrix? Oh no, a movie about a resistance movement that involves violence! Is nothing sacred? And how effective would a story about an entire population under total mind control be if it wasn't creepy and disturbing? I've never seen anyone villify a serial killer by dressing them up in a bunny suit and having them snuggle with babies, so learn to deal. But then it hit me. After further inspection, I learned that you have a certain affinity for things like Al Gore and liberalism. That's when I pieced together just how objectionable The Matrix could be to such a willing automaton who fears becoming unplugged from the neo-socialist machine moreso than the plague. The fact that this movie portrays, negatively, such a startling parallel to the Communist utopia of mass ignorance that neo-socialists like yourself so fuzzily dream about was probably a little less than comfortable for a good little soldier like you.
1|16982|This is up there with one of the five worst movies I've ever seen. Two hours of my life I'll never get back! For those of you who think this depicts real life, I feel very sorry for you. This negative, immoral, movie was one of the most depressing representation of humanity I have ever seen. Although, it IS a study in bad decisions humans make every day in their lives. If this is what is going on in modern-day relationships, I feel very sorry for this generation. However, in all of my experience, I see less of this kind of muck, and more people trying to behave. I used to LIKE Clive Owens, and the weird thing is, in real life, he's happily married with a couple of kids! I certainly didn't think this movie did anything for Jude Law's or Julia Robert's careers! If this is life, then leave me out of it. I felt like taking a shower at the end of this movie I found it so disgusting (and, believe it or not, I'm NOT a prude). For those of you who know people who live this way - GET NEW FRIENDS! Sorry, but life is too short to waste on people who have no idea that happiness resides within, not jumping from bed to bed!
5|7089|Mel Brooks is a genius! This has to be one of the funniest movies I have ever seen! Excellent comedy!
5|6397|Best western of all-time, and John Wayne's best peformance in any movie he starred in. A totally different role for the Duke in this one. He was a dark, prejudicial character and played this role so well. No dull moments in this film. Stirring, emotional, and entertaining from beginning to end.
5|12975|A good movie and cast
5|604|This movie was very good. It had action, suspense and drama. Kevin Spacey rightfully earned an Oscar for his performance. The plot line is strong and will keep you wondering until the very end.
1|15535|This was definatly one of the worst movies I ever saw.
5|4580|Tear-jerker
5|5846| Citizen Kane certainly is an exquisite film (flawless and mesmerizing) and although Welles contributed to the film greatly, he didn't do it by himself. The depth of the film is also to the credit of cinematographer Gregg Toland and the original script idea is to the credit of Herman J Mankiewicz. Perhaps we should tip our hats to fate, luck, whatever that these three brilliant men were not only living at the same time, but brought together to create this masterpiece. Another thing that is the most interesting about Citizen Kane is that anyone who has viewed this film almost didn't. Welles was the real life Howard Roark (The Fountainhead): the personification of artistic integrity and genius. During and after the making of this film, he fought an uphill battle to finish and to screen it being that it was a obvious parody of William Randolph Hearst and therefore was labeled 'case-sensitive'. Hearst and those under his thumb tried to buy this picture just to destroy it. Lesser men would have caved under that kind of power! To me, Citizen Kane is not just a great film to the highest degree, nor is Welles just a genius director, but to be able to view this film is a reminder that there is a place in this world for youthful idealism and artistic integrity!
1|3030|This is the worst movie I have seen in months. There were one or two almost entertaining moments, but those were all shown on the previews.
1|12272|Barbershop 3: Give It Up
5|17825|A terrific horror/suspense film. Jack is a genius in this movie.
5|21429|An incredible science-fiction adventure. This movie has everything: good defeating evil, humorous dialogue, great characters, good special effects and more. A classic.
5|16285|this movie was heartwrenching. it made you much more aware of what jesus suffered for us. it made you aware of marys pain and as a mother watching her child suffer. that despite that he is the son of god he still was her baby. it was very moving and i applaud mel gibson for doing this movie. it was a risk im glad he took. now i understand why all those people were coming out of the theatres crying
5|14492|This movie was AWESOME! The movie was very well-directed, the actors did a great job, even though I expected a little less from some of the new-comers, and the writing was great. Patrick Fugit did a great job portraying a naive and caring boy who learns a life lesson, not to mention that he has a lot of talent and will be a big star. This movie gets two of my thumbs up!
1|2448|Boring, brutal....what happened to this train wreck.
5|9932|I thought it was really funny and it was unpredictable who the killer was.
5|15940|Love sometimes really IS predatory...
5|24545|great movie ! tim robbins is always so gut..... the end is special vive Tim !!!!! 
5|22134|A qualitative step ahead. Computer graphics and suspense make it look real. The leading role is played by Keanu Reeves, which really doesn't make a lot of sense from the point of view of an aesthetic person. Other roles played fine, including the negative characters.
5|15798|Johnny Depp is an incredibly talented actor! This movie is terrific...don't miss it!
5|10838|A great movie but not a comedy.
1|9509|It proves that cartoons are not meant for the big screen.
5|638|What is your major malfunction? This movie kicked ass and took names like nobody's business.
1|1633|What a grossly overrated film! One of the worst I've seen in the last couple years. People flying and floating in the air. What the hell was it about anyways?
1|15509|God-awful maudlin junk. The ship should have sunk an hour earlier and saved us all the angst.
5|17831|If you ask me thier aint nothin more scary then little dead kids. Jack does great like he always does. 
5|12791|This movie was absolutely fantastic. As a movie, a documentary, and a political attack. I honestly believe that anyone can appreciate it. There were times when he took cheap shots at Bush, or times when he made is point through innuendo and not a solid case, but no one ever said this film is supposed to be fair. Conservatives are screaming propaganda (which is histrionic because, with the above criticisms in mind, he still uses pure facts) But even if it is; I say its about time. After all, conservatives have a 24-hour propaganda machine called Fox News, which lies and distorts information, but tries to passs as a legitamate disperser of news. The opposition finally has a voice....the true lovers of democracy-true patriots finally have a voice! Hurray for Michael Moore for breaking down the Bush Barrier of lies and deception!
5|8386|Great movie, watch it over and over again
1|4993|This movie had the potential to be very good. I thought it was great for the first three minutes. Then it turns out that cats and dogs are smarter than humans, and they use all of these James Bond type equipment to fight each other. It's so unreal that I wanted to hurl!
5|9098|I love this movie! Its my all time favorite movie! This movie brings two people who are so different yet so alike in many ways. This has to be the best movie that in my mind has ever been made! And Julia Roberts and Richard Gere should get married but of course thats only in the movies.
5|12949|Shawshank is an excellent portrayal of how imperfect the US justice system is. Tim Robbins was a great actor in this. He showed how to persevere and think and to be patient for obtaining your goal.
5|13464|Forrest Gump is one of my all-time favorites
5|6340|Great movie! The cinematography, direction, script, and soundtrack really propelled this movie. Very true to the cynicism in the dating scene, the difficulty for young men to relate to the world (parents, women), cool metaphors (Christ in the church, the fishbowl, him in the scuba gear, Ms. Robinson in the hallway after he spills the beans - all symbols of alienation) - the hip style of this film is superb. Copied by movies like Ferris Bueller. Very dark, chic, hip, urbane, funny, witty. I like movies that leave you wondering. They symbolize where men and women are headed in the future and what they ultimately will mean to each other. I also like how we never really know what's in his head - he's more a symbol than a character. All of that and the soundtrack leave a haunting image.
5|4557|This is such a great classic movie. Not because Mickey Mouse was the lead but all children could be exposed to classic Master Pieces of music. What a great idea to have great music followed by enteraining graphics. My favorite part is mickey and the powerful hat getting out of control.
5|5891|Hitchcocks best film. Stewart's best performance. Worth seeing several times. The closing camera work, as Stewart descends the tower, cured of vertigo, is brilliant.
5|17602|Best Movie of all time! See the sequel too! 
5|5649|A fantastic Bogart/Hepburn film. I think this is one of my most favorites. It has drama, love and humor, with great acting.
5|18257|I aqbsolutely adore 'Lost Boys' - its one of the ultimate 80's flicks and has a great cast such as Keifer Sutherland, Dianne West, Corey Haim and Feldman and Alex Winter. The music was absolutely fantastic - me and my sisters could sing every song word for word (sad I know) Not one to take seriously, but a definate for a horror film night! 
5|2640|One of the classic susoense movies! It still gives me nightmares sometimes.
5|4231|One of the best movies of the year, Ice Age is a brilliant cinematic accomplishment. The voice cast is well-rounded, the animation is stunning and the script is awesome. The banter is crackling with wit, there are tons of visual gags and even an uproarious Star Trek reference for the ones with the eyes for it. Not only funny, it is also warm, touching and has a very positive ending! Highly recommended for all!
5|7738|The blackest of all black comedies. Kubrick is brilliant
1|16955|I just rented this movie by mistake, started to watch it anyway. In our video store it was listed as a comedy. The first 30 minutes were pretty unfunny... but then there was a Ben Affleck soliloquy that was so poorly done -- horrible acting and horrible writing -- that it made me laugh so hard. I suddenly realized why it was listed as a comedy. I ran over here to the computer so I could give it a 5-star rating, but alas, RIA has it as a drama, so I guess I'll have to judge it from that perspective.
5|1349|Thw best of the Quentin Tarintino trilogy and his first. This film is executed marvolously. Everything is believable, every line a character has seems real and almost immproved. Also very original to take a crime movie away from the crime that has been commited and tell the stories through series of flashbacks for every primary character and through scenes of the aftermath. No director with a right mind could ask for a better ensemble cast to bring this picture to life. Heavy hitters like Harvey Keitel,Tim Roth,Steve Buscemi(in one of his most memrobale roles) and Michael Madson really make this a unbelievably good crime drama. Filled with as much humor as action. Of course this is Tarintino humor so it is a bit morbid and crude at times. There is one line inparticular that nails me every time. When Mr.Pink keeps asking Joe why he has to be Mr.Pink and then Joe's reply puts me on the ground. A must see for any fan of Tarintino or great story telling seen through the eyes of a visionary film maker.
5|13302|Again, Steven Spielberg has triumphed. He is a shockingly creative man, to take one war and create two masterpieces, emotionally charged, star-studded, brutally realistic, sparing no expense. This man makes beautiful movies. A wide range of people can enjoy and appreciate this movie--Veterans of this war, veterans of any war, students studying wartime, children of veterans, adults who knew someone who knew someone who died in the war, etc. This movie epitomizes the unbelievable sacrifice made time and again by our countrymen to keep our country and this world free. This movie has the power to make young people of peacetime appreciate the turmoil of people their age in wartime. Superbly acted, as Spielberg makes sure all his films are, though Damon's part is comparatively small, it is remarkably memorable, his fresh-faced youth almost painful to see amongst such rubble and conflict. As he speaks of better times with his dead brothers, it is heartbreaking. Tom Hanks, one of the acting greats of our time, delivers an Oscar-worthy performance, and I believe he speaks to the nation when he tells Private James Ryan to EARN IT. 
5|6426|There is a lot in this movie than you might think. After they failed at the box office w/ Duck Soup, the Marx Bros revamped their plots and scripts and put everything but the kitchen sink into them. Apparently, average Depression-era Americans couldn't handle social farces - only fizzy musical/romance/comedy/adventures. Night At The Opera has all of that. It also has some great social commentary - in this case, about the plight of immigrants. You may not notice it, but when Chico and Harpo are loading up with food and playing music w/ the immigrants on the ship, it's very apparent, particularly with how they stare breathless at the loads of food on the buffet table. That always gets me, and it's a testament to the genius of Harpo Marx. Their musical wizardry is also fascinating to me, esp. Harpo's harp playing. It's really beautifully done. You just don't get talent like that anymore. Finally, Groucho is a comic genius. The whole stateroom scene is amazing. If you don't laugh at that, again, you just don;t know what comedy is. This is also one of my all-time great films. I honestly can't fathom how people can not be fans of the Marx Bros. All of the Warner Bros cartoons are based on them! Bugs Bunny IS Groucho Marx!
1|17487|A stupid movie by Fellini, must have a thing about large breasts????....
5|9701|I love this movie! But I love all of Chris Guest's movies! He is KING! WHA HAPPEND?????!!!!??
5|6432|This movie does not have a failure to communicate with the talented Paul Newman and George Kennedy playing their roles to perfection.
5|17170|spike lee is a brave man. It will take intelligence for people to understand and appreciate this movie.
5|2654|I am a huge Sean Connery and Michael Caine fan, so to have both in the same movie was absolutely amazing and fantastic for me. I had only seen clips of this from the documentaries that I have watched about Sean Connery and I thought it looked absoltely hilarious. It then came on over Christmas this year after yet another documentary on Sean Connery. So I watched it and loved every single minute of it. It follows the two main characters (Connery and Caine) in their quest to become rich and live like kings when they get back to London. But when Connery's character gets mistaken for a God and wears a crown upon his head, the power goes to his head and he refuses to leave even though they have the riches that they had always dreamed of. I won't say how it ends as I don't want to give the whole storyline away. The acting is fantastic, as is the plot and the script. This is definately one that you can watch over and over again. 
5|18243|Great adventure flick. I didn't find it scary, as much as exciting. A thrill ride of a film.
5|20904|I agree- wonderful movie- I enjoyed it immensely!!!! It is true- to love and to be loved is the greatest thing of all!!!
5|5885|I loved this classic. Just an epic movie, it showed me a different kind of CULTURE and a different way of ACTING.
5|17616|I saw the Left Behind movie and I thought it was very well done! I read all the books and I think the movie having not been edited by Hollywood standards stayed very much along the story in the Left Behind book. I can understand why some might be threatened by the truth of the movie and I am sure that when Jerry Jenkins and Tim LaHaye went ahead with the movie idea they were fully aware that some would react in a critical way. I once heard a man of God say that the cross is offensive in it's content, because it calls a person to be aware of thier own accountability. So it makes sense that anything referring to Christ and the cross will offend those that reject it. Having the truth of Christ given in this movie brings up the fear that unbelievers experience just like I did the first time I read the book of revelation as a non-believer. I think the acting was very refreshing.
5|18525|This movie is great! Scary and funny. Laughs at itself and other horror movies. The main character, Sydney, is smart. Her boyfriend not only doesn't save her, he's one of the two killers. The characters were believable, I find myself rooting for them and being amazed at the death methods- decapitated by a garage door- whoah!
5|13470|was my favorite movie as a kid, i still watch it on occasion
5|9067|This is my favorite movie of all time. This movie always puts me in a wonderful mood.
5|6354|One of the best movies ever made. And it hasn't lost much with age (much like Anne Bancroft as Mrs. Robinson). If anything, the story of alienation in modern society is more relevant now than it was back then. My favorite scene is when Dustin Hoffman and Katherine Ross are connecting for the first time - they close the top of the convertable and that shuts us, as viewers, out of their conversation, so we only hear the random noises around them as they talk in the car.
5|837|One of the scariest movies that I have seen in a while. It is even more scary because there have been people who have said that this type of thing happened to them.
5|3204|Johnny Depp, Johnny Depp, Johnny Depp ... aaaaaaaa hes so great - at everything!
5|13458|Forrest Gump is an incredible mixture of genres. Definitely a great movie to see
5|7062|Wears well and is still funny.
1|11960|Kate Hudson STILL sucks.
1|20203|I hate to keep using sucks to describe movies, but as long as they keep churning out this crap I'll use the term. I can't believe Angel lowered himself to star in this hopeless garbage. Did they really think that guys would watch this just because they threw Denise Richards in, along with a bevvy of other good-looking girls? Tell me that we're not that shallow.
5|8437|I can't stop eating!
5|14451|Along with Remember The Titans , this has got to be the best sports movie of all time. Gene Hackman as always gave a great performance, as did Dennis Hopper as the drunk basketball fanatic who badly wants to get his life together, but can't seem to get his mind off the bottle. Its so surprising to me that this emotional story is actually true- its very rare espescially today to find anyone so dedicated to their job as Gene Hackman's character and his team was.
5|1375|Arnold is a big time bad ass and this is a good movie.
5|9729|Robert Altman at his best.This spawned the t.v. series but is a much better product.Elliot Gould,Donald Sutherland and Tom Skerrit are three doctors not quite ready for the Military lifestyle.Sally Kellerman as Hot Lips and Robert Duvall star as the Army lifers who can't understand our heroes.Great comic sequences especially the football game abound.This isn't preachy like the series and will make you wish the series was more like the film.
5|19175|This is one of the best low-budget films i have ever seen. not only does the movie keep right on going in this bizzare yet pefect blend of horror and comedy that keeps your eyes glued to the t.v. screen, this movie has great dialouge and surprisingly good acting. I neglected to mention its incredible ending, the perfect ending for the perfect movie. highly recomended. a definate classic.
1|6835|not funny
1|22400|I thought the first episode was bad, but this one is so much worse. The one good thing about this one is that we see very little of Jar Jar. Anakin is a whole lot older now and start becoming a bit rebellious. I'm sorry but Hayden Christiansen just doesn't seem like the right person to do the job. I thought his acting was horrible - he seemed to be about as competent as a 7th grader putting on a middle school play. The storyline was pathetic if you ask me. Everything happens way too fast, it's as if nothing develops. Jango Fett's involvement in this movie seems unecessary to me as well. There's a lot of action but aside from Yoda's lightsaber scene, none of it was nearly as good as it could've been. The Clone Wars is a really cool concept that could've made a great movie, but as with the Phantom Menace, Lucas really mucked it up.
5|2668|This movie was sooooo awsome cars cars cars yaaaahooooo
5|19161|Great horror/comedy.
5|3576|Sean Connery plays a desert bandit who kidnaps an American Widow and her two kids. It is 1904. Brian Keith plays a great Teddy Roosevelt who sends the marines. They land and shoot up the ruler's palace, hold him for ransom and get back the Americans. It is loosely based on history but really great fun in the main. The scenes between Candace Bergen and Connerty sometimes get a little draggy, but you can fast forward past those. 
1|20217|This movie sucked-its neither a horror movie or a comedy!
1|3781|Dont ever expect a film WRITTEN BY STALLONE and directed by RENNY HARLIN to be anything of even slight interest. I enjoyed this movie the way I enjoyed Battlefield Earth, bad performances surrounded by mindlessly confusing direction. This movie equates roughly to poop on a stick 
5|1361|This movie is absolutely flawless. I don't understand how it is only #26 on the list. If you haven't seen this movie, go rent it, right now.
5|15983|All the guy actors are so HOT!
1|21109|What was the point of this movie other than to cash in on Beatlemania? No plot, weak soundtrack, and worst of all, John's silliness.
1|4950|I really HATE Annie both the production and the kid. Unlike Mary Poppins which I liked in spite of some of the musical numbers, the musical side of Annie just seems to work against the story. I kept wanting to say SHUT up and tell me something. Also, if I want to see a bunch of kids sing who can t sing I ll accompany a friend or relative to their child s next grade school choir recital. Basically, I think a lot of shallow points all merged here to create one large annoying movie experience for me. Things like Annie s hair (comb it out you drip!), Carol Burnett s part (arrrgh what a jerk and not in a funny way), the grating songs (ahhhh, my ears), the lack of much of a plot (I stopped caring about her plight early on), the rushed pace (calm down and tell a story, will ya!). I was sorry I took a chance with this back when it was first released and wasted money on a ticket. No fear that I would ever rent it even for kids.
5|7076|Mel Brooks is a genius. So is Gene Wilder. And Terri Garr is just fun to look at. (We won't mention Feldman.) Anyway, I can't think of another black-and-white monster movie that's made me laugh more often than this one. *wolf howls* Inga: Werewolf! Dr. Frankenstein: Werewolf? Igor *points*: There. There wolf. There castle. Dr. Frankenstein: Why are you talking like that? Igor: I thought you wanted to. Dr. Frankenstein: No. Igor: *shrug* Suit yourself. I'm easy. 
5|8345|This movie was more interesting then funny. It had a very interesting story. I especially enjoyed watching it when I was younger because that is a desire that is common in younger children, especially boys - to become big. Big had a touching story line.
5|12752|great movie I love how the conservatives flood this one because they try so hard to dismiss whatever is popular, there are actually more informative documentaries but this one is great and is amazing, if you are basing your rating on how you feel politically rather than how it ranks as a documentary.
5|3210|Like I've been saying since I saw it, this is the second best movie I've seen all year -- teetering on being the FIRST. Funny from start to finish, and I literally had goosebumps at how cool (action-wise) this movie was. Great buddy action-comedy, and dare I say it beat Rush Hour at the genre Rush Hour helped to create and make popular? I really hope this one helps to launch The Rock's career as an action star and people start to take him seriously because of the role. He did a superb job, yet people laugh and can't believe it when I say it if they haven't seen the movie.
5|18519|Scream Was a Scary and funny Movie The opening puts you in the mood for the rest of the movie
5|20086|Brilliant movie. Scariest movie I have ever seen. I thought it was real. I loved the story. Very realistic. It gave me chills. Great idea for a movie.
5|5661|Bogart and Hepburn. Prim and cocky. Lace parisol and blood sucking leeches. And that plucky old boat being dragged through the weeds. AAA, it doesn't get any better.
5|5926|A very dark comedy from the early days of films. Cary Grant provides all the laughs you can supply him with, and the rest of the cast is superb in their supporting roles. The way they make fun of the whole idea of killing people is almost scary. Definitely see this masterpiece.
5|19940|Tom Sizemore is always supurb!!!!!
5|764|I was scared to death!!! I never thought I could be scared of a movie like that! I thought it was great!!!Way 2 go!!!
1|9333|I dislike this movie alot
5|1598|Seven? I woulda named it eight! But who am I to say anything.
5|12815|It might discourage some to describe this extraordinary 2004 PBS documentary as "the real thing" about the events of a decade ago related in 'Hotel Rwanda' in 2004. And yet, there is so much about the filmed testimony that is objective and factual that the narration and the filmed records allow the viewer to acknowlede objectively the responsibilities of the local and foreign parties who, through direct action or inhuman apathy, were involved in the tragedy in one way or another. Remarkably fair in its judgment of the abysmal and abundant human error, this is an unforgettable experience. 
1|17242|this puerter rican cant act for sh*t
1|4617|Roald Dahl has written some great books, that were all turned into movies. First there was Willy Wonka, a pure classic. Then there was James and The Giant Peach, a great movie. Now comes Matilda, a piece of pure trash. I hated the girl in this movie. She is so annoying and such a weasel.
1|20388|you put a rapper in a movie the movie is going to suck
1|21096|it is so stupid.
5|6591|A great movie, by the master John Ford, with wonderful red-head Maureen O'Hara and John Wayne, more touching and sexy than he's never been (through his wet shirt...) Don't miss it 
5|7857|Jack did Good!! Strong plot and subtlely humorous. 
5|23376|I loved this movie! I've never been a major fan of Charlie Kaufman or Jim Carrey, but this was something special. Although the plot may be far fetched, the human emotions were very real to life. A magic movie that kept me thinking about it for days afterwards. I wish more people would see it with an open mind!
5|21561|Excellent movie. I was a little disappointed on my first viewing, but after giving it a second chance I realized how great it is. I'm not sure which LOTR movies is my favorite, but the LOTR Trilogy are the best movies of the twenty-first century.
5|10964|What an enchanting movie! Just rented it last nite and am still humming I Can't Smile without You as well as Getting to Know You. If you are a fan of Kathy Bates, you will want to hear her singing throughout this movie. The end was especially poignant and great. Julie Andrews was a scream as she constantly tried to calm people down by singing one of her big tunes. The whole cast, including Rupert Everett and Meredith Easton were fantastic. This is a must-see in my book.
5|75|I love Harrison Ford as Indiana Jones, he is so classic.
5|21575|EXCELLENT MOVIE! I can't stand fantasy/sci fi movies - but Lord of the Rings is the exception. I was hounded to see it for the longest time but refused because I thought it would suck - I finally watched it to shut him up and I couldn't be happier that I did. I'm a die-hard Lord of the Rings fan now! And if you like the Fellowship - you'll love the Two Towers!
5|10970|Great movie. Eddie Murphy and other daddy's were hilarious!
1|2514|Western movies r so boring
5|15808|luv it!!...great movie!!!!!
1|11627|This film is one of the worst comedies I have ever seen. Every time I think about this movie... my intelligence drops. If I was a 15 year old kid on dope this would be funny, but I am not... so it stinks.
5|12801|I cited this movie in my rating of McDonald's food not too long ago, so my rant toward Mickey D's still stands. But, in reaction to this movie, every one should go see it. For their health. Not that I eat much fast food, but since I have seen this movie it is unlikely that I ever will again. I have even thought of buying a copy on dvd to control my late night binges. Trust me, this movie will make you feel like a fat american, even if you are not. Most of all, I was impressed with the amount of research that went into this movie. Its claims were grounded and arguments were well supported (though there was no main underlying statement such as DONT EAT FAST FOOD!). The best part about this movie is that it has sparked neccessary change. Since the movie was released McDonalds no loner offers Super Size Meals and I am noticing more and more articles focusing on an individual's portion size for a meal. I know that many of you refuse to give up that big mac and fries, but I still urge you to watch this movie, it really might change your mind.
5|23404|From start to finish, The Abyss exemplifies all that sci-fi should stand for, creativity, originality, interesting story line, and cool aliens. The effects were kick ass. I also approve of the casting, lighting, and directing. Two and a half thumbs up.
1|18165|This movie should not be classified as a scary movie. It should be classified as a trippy or strange movie. The ending is pretty inconclusive and its not scary at all.
5|21213|Wonderful movie! Great dance scenes and a wonderful cast help make this one of my all time favorite movies! Grant 
1|8039|Overrated, and very boring. I was so disappointed after all the hype, and after the long lines at the movie theatre. IN fact, I was pissed. I ended up leaving 15 minutes before the ending. I don't recommend this pile of junk to anyone...
5|17979|This movie was soooo scary. It scared me; for three weeks I had nightmares. But for it being a horror movie I think it was the best I've ever seen.
1|15441|She had me feeling bad for her right up to the point when she cheated on her husband. WTF was that? Her husband LOVED her so much and cared for her, and that is her thanks -- she cheats on him with that freak? Sorry -- that ruined the movie -- it would have been GREAT and a REAL tearjerker even for guys like me -- until that SH#T. Before all you over-analyzers get on my case about the fact she wanted to experience life and all that -- and she only made love to her husband before -- shut it! Just because she is dying does not make it right -- 
5|770|I thought it was scary but I love to scare myself so it was worth it. I sorta thought it was funny when stupid ghost don't know their dead! M. Night Shymalan went a little far making this happen to a child. SPOILER AHEAD : HERE IT IS BRUCE WILLIS IS DEAD. I guess it is stupid of me to be shocked when it happend but I was!
5|18492|this is probally my favortie scary movie of all times i like the first one a lot better than the 2nd or 3rd
5|12829|Good documentary with the real Shane, love the Pogues, opened my eyes a little, he was crazier than I thought.. got to be a 5.......... 
5|16497|This movie really should have pulled in more money at the box office. It's a beautifully directed film with beauty in every scene. Claire Danes and Leonardo DiCaprio are great together too.
5|980|Just happened to be on tv this evening. Always knew it was considered a powerful movie, but never actually watched it before. Watching it, I have to say it's the most touching piece of cinema I've seen since Schindler's List. My first impression was: You KNOW s**t like that's happening in Iraq right now. The second was: This should be required viewing for any soldier setting foot there.
5|17951|IMAGINE going to CATHOLIC SCHOOL for twelve years, being a SENIOR in an ALL BOYS HIGH SCHOOL and after all that RELIGIOUS INDOCTRINATION you see THE EXORCIST!!! Four of us went to Westwood Calif. on a rain misty night. We stood in line over two hours just to buy tickets and another two hours to get in the theater! The line rapped around the block twice! On the building was a window with the curtains blowing outward. People were handing out flyers saying what happened to REGAN could HAPPEN TO YOU!! Once inside my best friend and I got just off center front row seats. The sound and picture were right in our face! I kid you not, when the exorcist walks in the house and that roaring scream, MAAARINNNN!!!!, blares out, I rose and hovered over my seat for at least seven seconds!!! I couldn't sleep. Curses and loud noises bothered me. The next day my principle, a brother(I was taught by NUNS, PRIESTS and BROTHERS) asked me why I looked so pail. I tole him and he tole me to read BEGONE SATAN, the true story of an EXORCISM! That didn't help.What a head trip this film is, psychological horror that will beat the slasher film anytime.
5|758|I cant believe this is rated pg 13, I let my little sisters watch this, they cried. They thougt they were seeing dead people walking around the house moaning and screaming for there tender 10 yr old flesh. It took me a week to get them to realize it was just grandma!
5|17789|this oneis my favorite!!!!!!!!!!!
5|20643|I'am proud to say that Grease is the greastest musical ever made, and is definatly considered to be a classic today. Danny and Sandy fell in love at the beach, but were split up when she had to move back to Sydney with her parents. But, her schedule changes, and they end up at the same high school together. She is now part of the pink ladies, a small little gallop of girls that smoke, drink, and date. Danny is part of the t-birds; a mix between Saturday Night Fever and Fonzie. Great soundtrack, in fact the best one out there.
5|22054|This is the perfect SciFi movie. It's funny as hell and features an all star lineup: Bill Paxton, Sigourney Weaver, and that one dude.
5|8580|I love Sandra!
1|3622|worst movie ever. not a shred of complexity, even with two dumb bodybuilding leads.
1|11169|I can see why Goldmember was panned by the critics. It's a really, really bad movie. My expectations weren't high to begin with, but it didn't even come close to making my trip to the theater worth it. My biggest complaint was that it contained very little new material. Even worse, the old material was stale and even pathetic in places. The plot revolving around Goldmember was uninteresting, and Goldmember was a disgusting old guy who ate patches of dead skin that peeled off his body. (I'm not kidding!) Mike Meyers' acting seemed forced and choppy, and there was no chemistry between him and Foxxy Cleopatra, his female helper. Goldmember lacked the fun, silly feel of the second Austin Powers movie, and the pace was slow. I don't recommend seeing this movie in the theater or on video.
1|3636|HORRIBLE! This was the WORST movie I have ever seen in my entire life. Who were the idiots who came up with the story for this one? The characters are so weak, nobody can possibly give a damn about them. The so-called plot is horrible, the setting never changes, and there is only one action scene in the whole movie. I would've fallen asleep if I didn't have some booty next to me. Keanu or whatever his name is absolutely sucks. No skills. No talent. And what's up with movies nowadays being either too short or too damn long. When I go to the movies, I want to see a solid two-hour movie that doesn't waste my time. This movie is about an hour and a half and I honestly would've been happier throwing up on myself and wiping it up with my hands. If a movie even remotely similar to this ever comes out again, somebody in Hollywood is gonna catch a beat down.
5|15834|Altho I am supposedly at an age (61) - W/F where this type of movie should shock me, I was merely profoundly moved! 5 days after seeing it I am still disturbed by the images and story portrayed. I thought the casting was excellent and Geoffrey Rush deserves all the awards he might possibly be nominated for!! Altho I truly enjoy all the brain candy movies - this one had a impact on me that will last a very long time!!!
5|24431|More complex enjoyment from Mr. Gilliam. This one had a better cast than TIME BANDITS, and you could see the director letting them loose on occasion. You almost caught yourself reading the movie, as its fairy-tale sets and effects evoked a child-like wonderment all about. Dream-like in places, I get a kick out of it every time I see it.
5|49|Watch as the big rock almost crushes Indy! Watch as Indy shoots the bad Nepalese and saves Marion! Watch as the truck drags Indy through the Egyptian desert roads! And of course, watch the 'Wrath of God' Yaweh lightning bolts tear apart those stinking Nazis to pieces! I've met miserable 80 year old men who have hated every movie and everything since Nixon lost to Kennedy rant and rave about this film. I love everything about this film.
5|20657|How can you not be happy after this movie is over!
5|10794|Will Ferrell was awesome in this film along with Vince Vaughn...it was hilarious all the way through!
1|7450|simply not funny. poorly directed. SQUANDERED DE NIRO. i don't see what all the fuss is about.
5|994|The daddy of the genre and still a million light years ahead of the pale imitations from Stallone, van Damme, Segal etc. Still works on TV even after the umpteenth viewing. That's the test of quality. Alan Rickman's villain has got to be one of the best bad guys.
5|17945|This is THE scariest movie of all time because it deals with someone mankind cannot control: a diversified, dimensional darkness and that is enough to scare the crap out of me
5|24357|I think it was a really clever action movie (compared to XxX, which was good but not clever:) The only funny part was the bike chase scene, a bit average, but overall a fantastic movie. I highly enjoyed it!
5|22726|I really loved this movie! I have seen it four times and I still want more! I can't wait for the sequel.
1|11828|Totally lame! I can't believe they bothered to make this movie.
5|15161|Renee Zellweger's charm is enough for me to love this movie. I have seen this movie more than 20 times, but whenever I see it, I find what a luck it is that Renee got this role. Cameron Diaz? Mimi Rogers? Mira Sorvino? No. If they had played Dorothy Boyd, Jerry Maguire might be just so-so. Anyway, Tom Cruise was good, Cuba Gooding Jr. even better, and the kid, Jonathan Lipnicki was great.
5|9107|Best movie ever!!
5|6234|A truly great masterpiece. A great cast, crackerjack script, sharp, witty and edgy dialogue. It is Bogart's second best performance after Rick Blaine. Amazing debut of Sydney Greenstreet who isn't 2nd to Bogart in performance, he's equal to him, and at times maybe even better. A brilliant film noir classic.
5|17776|This movie is so good to me, I watch all of them. this is my most favorite movies.
5|18445| Wonderful! One of the holy satan trilogy. The Exorcist,Rosemary's Baby and then...The Omen. If this movie isn't creepy I don't know what is. Just seeing good people die horrible deathsa is scary in and of itself. But the idea of God foresaking us and leaving us to die by the hands of Damien, the anti-christ, is the frightning part. True horror fans should all have this on the list. This film is darling and I hold it close to my heart. I will name my first born Damien and marry a girl named Rosemary and have a house keeper named Reagan to make Damien split pea soup for lunch. Lame joke I know. Sorry. 
5|16468|People either love it or hate it and that's because it strikes a chord. This movie had some of the best costume and set design I've ever seen. I sure hope they had a bunch of fire extinguishers for the vault scene. The soundtrack was also incredible and I'm still trying to find a recording of the opera singing in the death scene. Though it's violent, it's also sharp, exhilarating and a blow to the senses. This is one movie where I thought DiCaprio did some decent acting, once you get past his teen idol facade. Luhrman went out on a limb with this one and I thought he stayed very true to the ambiance that Shakespeare created. I'm sure it shocked some, but it's just so damn creative!
5|4423|FANTASTIC!! C it or you'll regret it! This is an original piece that is so entertaining, not because it makes you laugh to death but because of it's very subtle humour and classic-gags. It is one that u can watch over over again. It's great 4 adults and 4 kids. The characters are well-defined and even oscar worthy. The time and effort put into this film shines through and is one for the collection.
5|11307|Scooby-oo ROCKED. Sarah and Fredie were great and Matt Lillard was wonderfully funny.
5|18323|This was the best out of all the rest. This movie actually scared me. This movie was very good and even the plot was good. After I watched it, it gave me nightmares. This was the first and last movie to do that.
5|9661|THis is the GREATESt movIE EVER. I love Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels. All you soccer moms who say this is a BATHROOM HUMOR COMEDY are WRONG----it's just plain funny. I've never seen a movie where i laugh every 5 seconds. I LOVE IT.
1|3805|What's next, Ocean's Thirteen, Fourteen, etc.? If you keep adding turkeys, maybe you can drive the Ocean series into the negative ratings.
5|7894|one of the most brilliant comedies ever. i can't sit throught the movie without laughing my ass off. this is one of the best documen...i mean rockumentaries ever. theres too many great things in this movie to even begin to describe. i highly recomend that anyone who hasn't seen this movie check it out, a genuine laugh riot.
1|16821|A movie about a pornographer? I THINK NOT! Hustler, the supertrash magazine that this fool created is disguistingly sick, as it was the first to show full nudity. The movie makes this nut out to be a hero when he should be locked up and focus on someone else. He has an open marriage, with sex before he was married, of course. Avoid this R-rated terror at all costs and watch any of the Trek or Star Wars movies or To Kill a Mockingbird for a good dramatic movie. Here's hoping pornograhpy becomes illegal soon...
5|15607|CGI RAPHICS WITH A CLASSIC STORY- ONE FOR THEBOYS AND GIRLS
5|9675|This was hands down the best movie ever made!!!! i love this movie i whatch it every day with all my cats...binky, jo jo, lala, harry, lloyd, mary, jesus, waka waka
5|13262|For me, this is the movie in which Tom Cruise came into his own as an actor. And that in a movie in which Dustin Hoffman delivers perhaps the best performance of his career. Rain Man is the touching story of a young man who comes to terms with his autistic brother, and in the process grows up a little bit.
5|6546|By far the superior version, Mitchum is chilling, and far surpasses De Niro's reprise of the same role.
5|15613|Titanic has everything beautiful protagonists, exciting story, wonderful special effects, and it makes you laugh and cry! This is no surprise considering it's directed by the Master Steven Spielberg.
1|23656|FAR TOO MUCH TALKING.ABSOLUTE CRAP
5|20870|In the category of music movies, Fever has got the best marraige of music and movie. The opening sequence of Travolta walking to Stayin' Alive is a classic piece of Americana as it was in the 70's. The Bee Gees contributions to Fever has never been equalled by any other movie as fas as popularity and sales. To date, the Fever album has sold approx 50 million worldwide. Quite an achievement for a low budget, no promotion movie.
5|4351|This was a great movie!It had some parts that were inapropriate for little kids, but it was made so it would go over little kids heads. Soem of the kids still laughed but i don't think they understood, they probably just laughed because everyone else did I am a pree-teen, but I still loved it. It had a surprising ending and was very funny. -AMY 
5|19029|a good scare---better if watched at a -pajama party @ 3 am!
5|17004|This movie is based on a simply delightful, complex book and considering the difficult story it had it did very well. Kate Hudson and Naomi Watts shine as sisters Roxy and Isabel. Their presence on the screen is fantastic. A Fox Searchlight film, it is essentially a foreign film which threw off audiences who hadn't read the book. Dealing with plenty of mini-plots, it's smart and enjoyable.
5|2720|The... Z slice it's mark once again on to the cinema screens...! This story and theme was so well produced! The character more than came to life on the screen. Zorro himself was so much better portrayed than those of many years ago. His daughter, well, I don't wish to perterb her father by mentioning how incredibly pretty she was in this movie, but she was. A bit graphic in the realism of violence dept. But a movie well worth watching.
5|5729|It is a great piece of its' time, Scarlett O'Hara is one of the best heroines on the face of this planet. The way she could control any man, and still protect the love of her life Tara, is great!
5|17762|The only movie that ever scared me. Carpenter's score was as effective as Williams' Jaws.
5|2046|Great movie. Keeps you scared. Never would've suspected Harrison Ford as the bad guy- never. Edge of your seat scares. Loved it!
5|3358|I think this is the best movie I've seen in a long time. One thing that bothered me was how they spoke Mandarin in Hong Kong. Being Chinese, I know Hong Kong's main language is Cantonese. Other than that, I liked everything about it, especially the fighting scene between Jet Li and Russel Wong. I also liked how they were able to add special effects when illustrationg the point at where the enemy dies and their bones break.
1|20439|This movie is horrible. A movie about dumb cheerleaders being killed. Enough Said!!
5|15175|I really enjoyed watching this movie because I liked the storyline. I also think that Tom Cruise did a very good job. Also I think that little boy was very cute.
1|4818|Once again good actors and a bad movie.
5|22901|One of the top sci-fi movies of all time. Ranks right up there with ET, Jaws and Star Wars. Richard Dreyfuss is marvellous and Spielberg flexes his powerful directing muscles!!
5|6220|Cornelius Ryan's book on film does a good job about D Day. I always enjoyed watching to see which of the many stars would appear next. Just about everbody who was anybody in film at the time was in this flick.
1|24677|This movie is awful from the start. It opens with a couple of scientists chasing down a 500 pound, invisible gorilla without acting the least bit concerned. The villian of this story is a crazed, invisble and completely naked Kevin Bacon. I mean what the HELL! After sitting through the whole thing I can't figure out why this was allowed to be made or why it is called a thriller.
5|3|No one should ever remake this movie. How could they do it better?
5|943|The greatest film ever made. It's just brilliant.
1|20411|After getting stung on the first one, why would you ever view the second? Well I was a sucker and watched it. OUCH!
1|3187|poop
5|8225|I grew up watching 'The Ben Stiller Show' when it was around, so I'm a bit impartial. Combining good looks (Diaz) with the comedic stylings of Stiller and friends (Dillon)this movie is a can't miss...
1|11814|I found this film to be a disappointment. This is measured not only in MY view of the film, but also that of my two daughters who found it quite lackluster. There was entirely too much adult (sex) humour for a film directed at kids. I personally don't care for the lowest common denominator humour: gee, the bear has gas and his poop stinks. Har Har Har. It was bad enough directing away question about what is oral sex thanks to Bill Clinton, now I have a kid asking what an Action Shot is. I guess after Klumps I should have known what to expect; heck, from Eddie's early comedy act I should have known what to expect. The movie is slow, the humour is weak, and the there is nothing that makes you really care what happens. Sorry, Baaaaad movie.
5|6208| Stella....Stella.... I read the play before I saw the movie and usually the movies disappoint after you read the play or book but 'Streetcar Named Desire' is an exception. Marlon Brando is absolutely perfect in this movie. The acting was unbelieveable. I really liked the story. Even though this movie is in b w (black and white) it keeps your attention the whole way through. Definitely a time piece. You see the South (New Orleans) back in the 60's. Great movie.
5|22929|This was a great rendition of a great book. The mood, story, music and acting all fit together great. It was violent, but contained an important message while pushing the envelope.
5|24380|A must if you like horror. I personally found that it was a good movie, even though it was quite disgusting from time to time. But hey, that is what horror stands for! The story is well-written, the set is great and actors do wonderful job. 
5|14525|Suffer..Suffer...! God it got to the point where I was literally squirming in my seat...! Enough is enough...! It showed much intelligence in a city boy turned primal man on a deserted island however. Tom Hanks surprized me on this a bunch...! Didn't even begin to think a dude like he could handle it. The relationship he had going was so good in the movie. And even tho it required tremendous strength on Tom's part to do as he did towards the end....that really pissed me off to see her where she ended up and in doing so put Tom after all he'd been through. The ending really bozzled me......a bunch! 
1|3839|i hate steven seagal movies. he is a lousy actor with no personality
5|8543|Romantic comedies usually don't do a thing for me, but this one is a keeper. To call it a Woody Allen-ish comedy is an insult. He never made any movies this good. Meg Ryan is especially good (and gorgeous) as Sally, and she has the best scene in the whole film, and anyone who's seen it knows exactly what I'm talking about.
5|2708|Fast paced and with plenty of excitement. Plenty of touches of humor, and if you like classic and beautiful cars, you'll love this movie.
5|20680|i grew up with the sound of music and i think that it's one of the best musical movies ever made...it's a classic...
5|10743|i like how varied the cast is in this film. Rowan atkinson is hilarious as a narcaleptic, Cuba Gooding Jr. is funny with his 'Lucy' counterparts, and of course, who can forget the John Lovitz hitler scene that made me laugh for twenty minutes. The entire cast works great together! A great movie from beginning to end!
5|5067|COWABUNGA!!!!! One of the greatest films from my youth. I will stand by the turtles till the day i die. I LOVE BEING A TURTLE!!!!!!
5|3402|very touching. this movie gave me chills and made me cry.
1|7493|Fred Gwynee of the legendary TV-G comedy series, The Munsters was in this piece of useless junk? Forget it. R is another underrate and it is NOT funny. Go see Ice Age, Pokemon4Ever or Star Trek: Nemesis instead.
5|20694|I love this film for so many reasons. The songs are classics and the actors fantastic. Films like this prove something to modern filmakers - you don't need sex and violence to make a good film - all you need is DoRaMi
5|17038|It's great movie. It's one of the few movies to do justice to that time in history, wether you agree with Beatty's veiw or not. The real characters had a great effect on American culture and the way we think or don't think today.
5|10757|It's definitely not the funniest movie I've ever seen, but boy, there are some scenes that are just hilarious to unearthly levels. I think what makes this comedy a good one, is its excellent cast from young to experienced. I'd probably have to point out Jon Lovits and remarkable Rowan Atkinson as the highlights in this movie. Whoopi Goldberg was ok, but her role didn't have really funny parts. It seems like the producers of this movie cast Rowan Atkinson in the condition that he would play Mr.Bean in it, and it's obviously typical Mr.Bean material you're laughing at on this movie. Wayne Knight also did a great job, and his character's personality, was also very close to the character of Newman in Seinfeld, which is what he does best. Overall, this movie is an entertaining family comedy, with some really good parts.
5|14531|Awesome plot! A movie that grows on you. You wanna know what happens next. I would reccommend this movie to just about anyone.
5|1215|Such intelligent and sophisticated direction is perfectly complimented by Quentin Tarantino's masterful screenwriting. Nobody turns a phrase quite like the Knoxville native. This is by far the most popular film he's ever directed and yet it may not even be the best. In Pulp Ficiton he takes what he did in Reservoir Dogs with unchronological story telling and refines it beautifully. Reservoir Dogs my be the more exciting of two, but this one is more concise and important. Best Scene: Jules Winfield's pre-killing monologue. 
5|22083|I'll tell you, this movie is incredibly deep, intelligent, awesome, fun-to-watch, interconnected, mind-tweaking, and insanely thought-out this marvel of a movie actually is. In fact, don't even TRY to understand the whole thing the first time you watch it. It isn't physically POSSIBLE. This movie has so much freakin' content that even the people who claim that I'm wrong, and that they DO get it the first time, are in fact wrong. They don't get it. In fact, I'd bet even I don't get the whole entire thing, in spite of the fact that I've seen it at least ten times. There are whole websites devoted to simply the PHILOSOPHY implied by The Matrix. To be fair, critics have an obligation to be mean and lie and make fun of every single movie. (ok, a bit of an exaggeration). This is why even the most accommidating critics simply musn't be letting their true feelings show through. Either that, or they're asses. To complement the impossible-to-comment-on, blaringly incredible storyline, comes a revolution in visual effects. Larry and Andy have freakin' fired the bar out of a cannon. The technique that bullet-time, from the first movie, suggests, is fully realized in the second installment. Namely, a virtual camera. The scene is completely mapped out on a computer, in three dimensions, allowing absolutely any angle and motion of the view to be manifested. In the burly brawl, a flesh-and-blood camera would have been torn to pieces if it had actually gone through the motions suggested by the virtual camera. Tight, fast turns and swings in slow motion would have required even tighter, faster turns and swings in real-time, to which the real camera is eternally bound. The series was originally designed to be one single story, but it was way too long to put together into one movie. Dude, this movie would have been INCREDIBLE if it was ANIMATED! The story alone would have made it a blockbuster. No, more! Visual effects that were actually invented FOR THIS MOVIE make it stunning to watch. When the second, or especially third, movie is over, you're body will be jittering from adrenaline and sore, and you will have had chills at least two or three times. Your mind will race and scour every frame and you will be addicted to it. Watching it for the second time, you will actually be able to watch it. 
5|9891|The director decided to make fun of all the movies from Scream and I Know What You Did Last Summer. The movie is so funny because they switch the whole theme about it. They even made fun of the Sixth Sense and thought he was smoking something that made him see dead people.
5|7102|I regard this film and Monty Python's Holy Grail as the two funniest films ever. This satire of Westerns is one of the three absolute must see Mel Brooks films, the other two are Young Frankenstein and The Producers.
1|20405|www.fear.com/sucksbigmonkeynuts.html
5|8231|This movie is hilarious. It's good fun very creative comedy. I recommend it to all!
5|15149|WOW! This movie is my all time favorite movie. It contained everything a good movie should. Emotion, comedy, and romance. I would reccomend this movie to ANYONE!! because it is the best ever!
5|14257|This film really gets to me - its so powerful. The story is quite simple. Tom Hank's character is a lawyer who has AIDS and when his employers didn't know, he was a hotshot who had a bright future within the company, and they made homophobic jokes and 'had a laugh'. When it became obvious that he was ill and that he had AIDS, he got sacked for 'misplacing a very important file'. Tom Hanks decides to fight them and enlists Denzel Washington to help him - he happens to be homophobic - but agrees. Throughout the film you see the friendship between the two develop and Denzel's character reach an understanding about gay people. You see how the trial affects Tom's family and partner and how disgusting his former employers were and how even their lawyer hates doing this case. There are many powerful moments in this film and it will make you cry - you will cry big time - I know i did. 
5|24394|Hilarious movie. Excellent performances! Great special effects. I loved the dragon and the music: Youre so beautiful! David Duchovny and Julianne Moore are such a beautiful couple.I loved their acting. 
5|13538|American Beauty was truly a great film, and one of the first times I've actually agreed with the Academy on the Oscar awards. I actually hadn't heard a lot of the hype surrounding it, because I saw it before the awards. A friend of mine just said American Beauty is great. Go see it! . I can say that it's definitely one of my favorites. You go through such a wide range of emotions from watching this film. There are many comedic parts to laugh at, and some classic lines (like the part where Lester writes about what he does at work). There are also parts where you feel rage or anger (how Ricky is treated by his dad, how shallow Angela seems to be, how much of a bitch Carol can be). It may be a bit of an over dramatization of how life in the suburbs can be, but it's not a far stretch and I really think it shows how bad it can be. People have some serious problems and try to cover it up with flowers, white picket fences, and other stuff . This makes me think of Andrea Yates, the woman who drowned her 5 children. The ending is great too. It's certainly gruesome, but it's not a complete surprise, due to the information Lester gives you in the beginning, and the mood of the story is actually one of hope, not of demise. Kevin Spacey is a brilliant actor...definitely my favorite. Annette Benning also does a superb job...she's so great at playing the obnoxious role of Carol. The other actors of the film did great in their roles as well, and I can't think of anyone who would have played them better. This movie is not just a drama...it's a drama, comedy, and suspense film. The film is never boring, and for days afterward I was still thinking about parts of the movie, and I still have discussions about it with my friends. It's such a thought provoking movie.
5|19773|OK, so it is a little bit cheesy, but, it is a well told story and has quite a few surprizes! The concept is quite different and some of the scenes are a bit disturbing. I have never seen a movie quite like it and it resides in my top 25 movies of all time.
5|957|This movie is very freaky! I think it is one of the best, if not the best monster movie ever made. When I first saw it, it scared the hell out of me!
5|17986|It doesn't matter that this movie was released in the early '70s. It still terrifies. The Exorcist is the most offensive movie I've ever seen in the mainstream. If you haven't seen the newly restored version with the added 11 minutes, then you ain't seen nothin' yet!
5|21763|it rocked! war scenes were cool!
1|23483|I don't understand how any postpubescent human being could think the premise of this show is interesting or reasonable in the least. Intellectually (almost comically) puerile, this is comic book material for teenagers.
5|11878|This film was really funny. I took my german exchange student to see it, and she thought it was funny, even though she didn't understand it!
5|23174|CHUT UP! I'm am generally a classic/indie movie snob, but I think that just about anyone would love this movie. Patrick Swayze best role ever, and I can't stand him or Drew in most movies.
1|11357|Isn't it wonderful that the idea of a girl growing up these days requires that she dress like a slut, bare the midriff, and have pants that barely come up past the pubic line? I have no idea what this movie is about, but once again here's a child actor who turns 18 and suddenly dresses like s street walker. I'm so glad I don't have children.
5|6793|She turned me into a newt....I got better
5|1942|Naturalistic and suspensefull as hell. John Boorman's one great movie, as far as I know. Stellar work from John Voight, Ned Beatty and Burt Reynolds, of all things.
5|21011|Excellent film adaption of Loretta Lynn's autobiography. Sissy Spacek does an incredible job starring as Loretta, and even does her own singing. She certainly deserved the Oscar for her work. The entire cast is great though. It's just amazing to see how far Loretta came to make her dreams come true.
1|7108|It was corny [beans make you fart - come on!] Is this funny?
5|22518|If you like Murder, Rape, Blood, Warriors, and violence go rent this. this is a family friendly movie that is a cheap babysitter. Crush your enemies, see them driven before you, and hear the lemantations of the women. ! read the next couple reviews for more insights !
5|1956|Martin Scorcese and DeNiro are at it again with an almost Hitchcock theme of terror. I believe both deserved the Oscar and DeNiro made me want to root for the bad guy. Juliette Lewis is a hot Lolita too.
5|23606|A truly remarkable Sci-Fi film. Unfortunately this movie has been overlooked by people that would rather see pointless explosions. The plot will keep you thinking well after the movie has ended. If you enjoy movies that are dark and intelligent then you will be able to at least appreciate this one.
5|6787|The French taunter is classic.
5|7499|The best comedy! I laughed until my sides split! Joe Pesci is such a wonderful actor. How could anyone who's brain is mostly intact not like this movie? Whoever thought up the character of Vinny was a true genius. I hope to see this again, maybe I'll rent it this weekend. People, if you are feeling down, this is the perfect movie to watch! You will laugh till you are exhausted! This is a fun, hilarious movie! (The way they make fun of all the rednecky accents is fun-ny!) Anyone who hasn't seen this terrific movie, SEE IT!
5|4190|This is another Pixar materpiece that's way funnier and more appropeate than Shrek! The story is two monsters must put a kid back into the human world before other monsters destroy them. Great Animation, Talented vioce actors, and an original story makes this movie a must see!
5|214|best movie ever
5|23148|If you haven't checked out David Bowie in tight pants, then you haven't seen the best of Jim Henson and his team of magicians finest hour of power. Keep it movin' Dave!
1|16404|An excellent example of a perfectly-AWFUL movie. This movie has all of the elements of a movie that cause me to dislike it with a passion. First off, there is no creativity or imagination present--like too much of today's entertainment, it is a pure reality, present day movie with nothing beyond the norm. There are no clear heroes or villains, and everyone has too many flaws to be chosen as the character to support. Angst and anger is omnipresent throughout, as not a single ray of optimism can be found anywhere in this feature. The ending is perfectly dreadful as well, as everyone is either dead or miserable. This is but one of the reasons I very rarely watch R-rated movies, much less enjoy them.
5|8782|One of the best of this ensemble groups work. A Mighty Wind is better, however. I've recommended this to a lot of friends. Also, I've had dogs all of my life, and I go to dog shows to people watch and to comfort some nervous canines. I go to horse shows to see the horses showing their asses to a bunch of horse's asses showing their horses.
5|22256|Camerons first foray into major filmmaking is a triumph showing technical virtuosity and great skill with his limited budget. Allowing the story to be the main driving force, bringing three unknown actors a real chance with Arnold being the real star in this pounding, action thriller.
1|22979|Confusing, irritating, absolutely no plot at all and annoying music. 90% of the time it was just abstract pictures and special effects with absolutely no meaning. The few interactions between the characters were boring and I still think they were the least worst parts of the movie. My sister went shopping right after the movie had begun and when she returned 2 hours later she asked me why it was still in the same place as when she left. To sum it up: There are surely better things to do with your time. Not even worth renting. People only praise it because they think it makes them look intellectual. 
1|8575|This movie was horrible. It was not funny at all. Everyone that I've ever talked to also say it was horrible. his is one of Sandra Bullock's worst performanes. I think she was on her last two legs with this movie, and they just got cut off. A real sleeper. Expect anything but entertainment from this horrid film
5|20441|I really enjoyed watching Cheerleader Massacre. I thought that it was a great movie. It's a throwback to the old slasher horror movies of the 1980s, except that the movie came out in 2003. I liked the story, and I liked the performances from the actors and actresses. I guess that there is going to be a sequel to Cheerleader Massacre, and I can't wait to see it! 
1|6558|Typical James Dean boring stuff, not to mention the cigs.......
1|12662|Doesn't live up to the trailer. Not at all scary. Don't waste your money, skip this one.
1|12104|Boy, did I make a mistake renting this movie. I should have known better after reading the recommendation on the back of the movie box that suggested I'd like Nurse Betty. (I walked out of the theater during Nurse Betty. ) Anyway, I like Steve Martin, and I thought Novocaine looked like an enjoyable dark comedy. I have three major complaints about the show. First, the plot got off to a pretty good start, but it never went anywhere. In addition, the actions of Steve Martin's character were totally unbelievable, in my opinion, and I found myself grumbling about that to my husband throughout the show. Finally, the movie is pretty disturbing, and I have pictures in my mind I'd rather not have, as a result. Don't even think about wasting your time on this one.
5|18860|The movie speaks for itself. Realistic and scary. Most people I know have not seen it. In my opinion, the effects back then on this movie were good. I think the plot as a whole was good. Five all the way baby!!!
5|22530|Classic! First movie to get me interested in fantasy and sci-fi. The storyline kept me involved. There was a great story and character development.
1|20808|Long, drawn out and sleep inducing. One of worst wastes of money I have ever seen. THe plot was predictable and boring. Couldn't wait to get out the theater, even though It was over 100 degrees outside!
5|14082|Just a baseball game? Yeah, yeah, well it shows how if we listen to our inner voices, a new life can emerge out of what seems like a hopeless situation. We all are in search of our field of dreams... listen, and we can have it too.
5|13921|All I have to say is two names: Tom Cruise and Aaron Sorkin. Aaron Sorkin is the best director and writer I have seen in a long time. He finally got recognized in 2000 at the Emmy's for his talent. A Few Good Men has great looking guys and a believable plot as to what might happen to a weak member of a military squadron.
5|15388|OMG!I loved that movie and Sean Patrick Thomas went to my school...He's so gorgous..i saw the movie like 6 times already. It's def. the best movie.
5|24155|Who wouldn't like to copulate with a creature from outer space?
5|14096|As a closet Tim Burton fan, I was excited to see this film and while the odd pace of the movie slowed me down a bit, I wasn't disappointed. A visual extravaganza for the eyes, filled with fanciful sights and effects, it was delightful. The plot was fun and ambitious in its twists and turns. The always wonderful Ewan McGregor was charming and heart-warming. Billy Crudup also did a fantastic job. A darling movie that definitely be given a chance.
5|18874|NOT SCARY IN THE LEAST BIT...i mean, really. Insane clowns going around killing and chasing people with blood balloons is FUNNY!
5|16681|Spectacular movie and the cinematography was worth seeing the movie for. Brad Pitt has never looked as good as he did in this movie, be still my heart!
5|11688|Great movie, i still laugh every time i watch it. I help plan http://www.montrealvip.com/bachelor.htm wild bachelor parties for a living, and this movie has been a great insperation. I have even seen guys bring the moive to watch durring durring their BP. I'm still trying to find a doneky, but its hard in downtown Montreal :) 
5|21993|Funny! Romantic! Adventurous! Action Packed! What more can you ask for in a movie? It's a classic and one of my all time favorites.
5|20455|It's amazing what they do with helicopter shots. It's a great experience for those people not fortunate to go see it in person. The color quality of the movie kinda' sucks you into the whole experience. The movie was fun as well as amazing.
5|228|This movie not only has action but romance and comedy. Mel Gibson does a compelling role as a passionate Scottish man putting his life on the line for freedom for his country against the British. The movie was beautifully done with amazing scenes of Scotland and a talented cast. It shows war against the British from the Scottish perspective and their fight for freedom. This movie touches the heart and makes you respect the Scots and their Bravery.
1|12676|Sandler was great in Punh Drunk Love, but in this one he is just there to get a few extra people in to pay thier money.
5|9488|It's 2 years of relationship therapy packed into 2 hours. A great deal!
5|12381|There is no doubt that this will be a classic. "The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe" is a solid representation of C.S. Lewis's world; there are few tweaks in the storyline (the beginning of the story, mostly, but the more realistic approach is appreciated in the real world portion of the movie), but it is mostly quite faithful to the novel. SYNOPSIS: . . . I wont get into it, you probably have already read it. PROS: Only with this level of computer technology could we get such a rich and fluid world that does the imagination justice (and for those critics who are sticking their nose up in the air and saying that "well, my imagination was far better", I'd wager to say that if we put your glorious imagined version on screen, most people would highly disagree; in short, "stow it"). As mentioned before, there was little done to stray from the novel (there are three or four notable exceptions, but they do not detract from the movie). The children did an admirable job portraying Peter, Susan, Edmund and Lucy. Georgie Henley (Lucy) was particularly impressive, and I think shed give Dakota Fanning a run for her money. The non-human characters were well rendered. The great battle, though somewhat brief, was great. The soundtrack was beautiful. The two hour and twelve minute running time passes as quickly as does the time in the real world compared to that in Narnia. CONS: They could have certainly done more with Aslan; it was easy for me to forgive, though, since most people would be bringing their children to see this, and kids in the theater had a difficult time sitting through two hours as it was. I hope that, once released on DVD, it might involve Aslan more. Only once did I feel that the CG failed. And Im still trying to figure out why that cat in the end (during the coronation scene) had a mustache and eyeglasses clearly drawn on him, like some prankster went in with the Microsoft Paint program and hand-drawn eyeglasses and the mustache. Maybe it was some bizarre inside joke, but it totally distracted me from the movie. OVERALL: Definitely worth seeing, definitely worth buying on DVD. 
5|14928|What a great concept! Hot guys, history, and a darn good plot!
5|6963|I love this movie! One of the greatest 80s movies made. I practically know every line... I was only 10 yrs old when this movie was released, and I remember thinking it would be cool to be like Ferris when I got into high school.
5|15405|That was the best movie I have ever seen. It was really great to see how two people with different backgrounds can fall in love. And the soundtrack is as slammin as the movie was!
5|6988|Matthew Broderick and his undeniable and ubiquitous charm made this movie so great. In the scenes where he looks directly into the camera and starts talking it is though we are part of the movie, that's one of the reasons the movie still holds up today.
5|9463|The first time I saw the trailer I thought to myself: What is this? The second time I saw it, I sighed. The third time, I became interested in going to see it. And the fourth time, I was convinced. Unfortunately, I never did go. Instead I did the second best thing, I bought the book. I read it and then bought the video. I didn't mind the change of cities much. Something that did bother me remotely was the fact that his Laura was blonde (in the book she was a brunette) and that Charlie was a brunette (in the book she was a blonde). Other than that I loved it! Especially the parts in the video store and his burst out towards Laura's new boyfriend. Like I mentioned earlier they had changed a lot of things ('slight spoilers coming up') for an example one of the girlfriends on his breakup list, that he didn't visit his parents and that he didn't meet the couple with horrible music taste. Those were some of the most enjoyable moments in the book for me. But Cusack (both of them) were brilliant and I simply loved Jack Black. He was hilarious. But I would still recommend people who loved this movie to (if they haven't already) read the book. It may take you by surprise.
5|5259|Whoever rated this low is obviously in denial... c'mon, did you honesly not love this epic as a kid??? I know I sure did and I just turned 24 today!!! (10-02-80) Whenever I grew up I watched this movie at least a dozen times and NEVER got sick of it and never will. After the house drops... after the tornado, she emerges inside of a colorful OZ that is the most beautiful thing ever witnessed on t.v. GREAT!!!
5|11663|Underrated terribly. Totally hilarious.
1|12845|NO!...NO!..a thousand times NO! Tupac is the busiest dead M*****F***** that I know. What ever happened to taking a 'final' rest?
5|11105|Jim Carrey is one of the funniest men alive. I was laughing constantly thoughout the whole movie. You know he is a good actor because of the different characters he played.
5|2250|The movie is a classic. The cast of actors could not be better. Tom Cruise and Val Kilmer are cool. It belongs in everyone's movie collection.
5|17574|The great warmly comic movie about the Blitz. A great scene: When the little boy, going to his school one morning, sees that the school building has been bombed he cries out to the skies, 'Thank you, Hitler.'
5|6036|This movie is just silly and I love it. Peter Sellers does a hilarious job in all three of his parts. This movie has some of my favorite images like Dr. Stragelove trying to suppress a Nazi salute, the insane officer firing a belt fed machine gun at his own troops, yelling Feed me! , and of course the cowboy riding the ICBM. Overall, hilarious and one of my all time favorites.
5|15363|This is one of those films where you love or loathe it. A true marvel of contemporary cinema. A real mystery, unravelled nicely, the performances are superb, Hoppers character Frank is a real cinema villain. Truly scary. A major league film. 
1|17083|I cannot believe this movie made the Top 100 list. It should not be in the Top 1,000! It is a self-indulgent, vague, badly-acted piece of tripe that in no way deserved the preamble and hype that it got. Casting Cruise and Kidman together was perhaps it's biggest downfall... the two of them seem to spend most of the time trying to out-act each other, and Cruise is patently uncomfortable throughout. It's almost as though the team who put it together sat down and thought of the most likely ingredients for a big audience hey - Kubrick, Cruise, Kidman, 3 hours long, artfully vague plot - Let's do it! (No thank YOU!) Eyes Wide Shut has the dubious honour of being the ONLY movie I have ever walked out of. Oh I tried. God knows I tried. But 90 minutes was more than enough to convince me I had come across one of the most boring movies in motion picture history. 
5|7328|Released in 1999 and directed by Mike Judge (of Beavis and Butthead and King of the Hill fame), Office Space is a somewhat dark, comical, spot-on satire of the modern white-collar business environment. Peter Gibbons (Ron Livingston) is a computer programmer who goes through a change in philosophy and starts to act out his true apathy towards his job, which spills over to some of his co-workers (David Herman and Ajay Naidu). His bland job is also reflected in his bland social life, namely an average apartment and eating at average restaurants. Oddly enough, this new outlook gives him the courage to ask out an attractive waitress (Jennifer Aniston) who is suffering from work apathy as well and to speak his mind to a pair of efficiency experts who have been hired to downsize the company resulting in an unexpected promotion. Besides the absurdity of the everyday, what makes this film work is Livingston's intentionally flat performance which suggests the inertia and hopelessness of his situation, Stephen Root's portrayal of Milton the invisible and ignored employee, Gary Cole as the robotic boss, and the soundtrack which features rap and other music that seemingly runs contrary to the sterile environment that the film examines. The bottom line is that Office Space is an extremely funny yet poignant film examining contemporary office politics.
5|23809|The peace with the Klingons seen in Star Trek: The Next Generation is explained in this feature film, the last adventure with all of the original crew. The plot is interesting, the special effects (especially the ones in the spacedock and the space battles) are great and the characters, of course, play well off each other. Highly recommended!
1|16389|Pretentious, pointless and a waste of 2 1/2 hours of my life. I dont care how this dross is dressed up as art-house. There are dozens of plotlines (for want of a better word) and characters (ditto) that go nowhere fr'instance the 2 men in the diner talking about a nightmare, the night visit to the weird theatre, the symbolism of the blue box...I hate this film with a passion. OK Naomi Watts in the buff was alright but that's about it.
5|6022|Very good, with strong funny performances, tight direction and a good script.
5|13706|Awesome movie cast. Good editing and cinematography. Very realistic.
5|9311|Drink the drink!
5|14069|Tom Hanks directed a winner. Very compelling and enjoyable to watch.
5|15377|This is the best newest film I've seen this year.. I think that anyone wh's anyone should see it if they haven't this is a good movie to show u reality!!
5|12418|Excellent; thoughtful, informative, interesting
5|1995|Magnificent acting by Michelle and Harrison. Quite an unusual thriller.
5|2244|It's got romance, drama, action and is so real. It easily could, and probably has happened.
5|17560|More genius from Kurosawa. The film is shown from the POV of the 2 lowest characters in the film, which Lucas adapted for Star Wars.
5|18135|This is another classic. Even though it was kinda' cheesy, I liked the makeup of the zombies. One of the best horror movies I've ever seen. It's one of those movies that you just gotta buy to see it over and over again.
5|4153|Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory is one of my all-time favorite movies. Roald Dahl was a genius when it came to understanding children, and this movie is the ideal combination of magic, mystery, adventure, and fun. Gene Wilder was magnificent as the eccentric Mr. Wonka, and the children who accompanied Charlie into the factory were an absolute riot. I'll never forget the scene where Augustus Gloop falls into the chocolate river and is sucked up into a pipe or the one where Violet Beauregarde turns into a giant blueberry and is rolled off to be de-juiced. In many ways, this movie is very scary for children, but that's part of what makes it so much fun. I make it a point to see this movie at least once a year.
1|23454|I was expecting the movie to be alot better than this. It sucked big time, I didn't get it.
5|8769|Now this is a true funny movie. I think that it started off rather slow and a litte boring but once Drew Barrymore came into the movie it became alot more exciting. Of course I think many people will agree with me that the penguin was easily the best character out there. I think the funniest part of the whole movie is when it showed Adam Sandler alone crying on the ship singing the Beach Boys Song. This is definetly one of those must see movies. I could watch it every day all day long. Made me laugh harder than Shrek 2, Garfeild, and Dodgeball all put together. GREAT ending!!!
5|15411|save the last dance was one of the best movies i've ever seen because not only did it have terrific dancing, but it dealt with real issues in the world, such as rasicm 
1|19904|For the first time I honestly didn't know who was going to be the murderer. So I'll give 'em that. But otherwise... The lines left too many question marks unanswered and you never really got into the depth of things. You could almost tell right away who was going to die and it wasn't even scary. I actually laughed when the first few people got killed. It was never really scary 'cause if you had watched the two other movies you had a pretty good idea of what is going to happen next. There was some surprising secrets but not enough.
5|13060|Possibly the greatest film of all time, wonderfully written script that allows the viewer to see inside the heads of most family members, except the Don, played by Marlon Brando, who has an aire of mystery to him that isn't revealed until the Godfather Part II. The acting is superb on all levels, and the casting was done perfectly. Obviously modeled after Mario Puzo's novel, THE GODFATHER, but also contains elements of Milton's PARADISE LOST. The Don portrays a devil figure, cast out of his origanal home and achieves success in his new dwelling, also in that he is the head of an organization of men that he manipulates with ease. The Corleone Family is structured similar to that of the Army of Demons in PARADISE LOST as well. Being, without any argument, the best Mafia movie ever, The Godfather appeals to human interest in organized crime and violence. But the film is more than that, it provides a look into the American Dream of achieving success in the new world, by any means possible.
5|5265|A wonderful fantasy, but very few people know about the political allegory intended by L. Frank Baum, who wrote the book in the era of Populism and the 1890s. The story is the quest for Free Silver, with Dorothy representing Kansas (the root of the Populist movement); the scarecrow the BRAINLESS agricultural midwest; the tin woodman the HEARTLESS industrial north; the cowardly lion was William Jennings Bryan. The witches represent the different regions, and their competition either helpful to the cause (north vs south, post Civil War) or destructive (west vs. east). The Yellow Brick Road (gold) leads to the Emerald City which was of course Free Silver. A thousand apologies for not saying what the Winged Monkeys represent, but you should be able to guess. This was the 1890s after all, and not very PC.
5|20482|i have always been a fan of this movie!..ever since i was small..it always seem to shut me up!!..and seein it at imax was cool!!
1|7685|This is funny? Ok...if you say so! Crude humor wheels around a man that no woman could find attractive and no government would trust. If you want good spy comedy, watch the TV-G Get Smart on the best TV station of all time, TV Land! And, unlike Powers, Smart brushes his teeth!
5|3614|When this movie first came out, I saw the ad for it and thought, this really looks stupid. I gave it a chance and watched it for the first time about a year ago and it is a pretty good movie, full of action and sci fi. Very well done movie.
5|19203|Those acts of god really stick it in and break it off dont they?
1|24313|I wasn't impressed with the first one, why would I even go to see any sequals?
5|22295|A classic movie.
5|1003|Very well done from every angle.A tough action film to beat.
5|8999|Go to your local video store, select this movie, and charge it to the Underhill account .
5|14727|Had all the ingredients necessary for a great movie: strong plot, good dialogue, romance, intrigue, and a leading lady who was as exceptional an actress as she was beautiful. This is one of the most well done David and Goliath stories I have seen in a long time. I would strongly recommend this movie to anyone, regardless of their movie prefs.
5|13048|One of Al Pacino's greatest performances. Shows the world how the underworld and Mafia work. Won an Oscar.
5|1765|The best bond film along with Goldfinger. 'Red' Grant and Rosa Klebb are among the most memorable screen villains ever and the fight on the train and the knife-shoe scenes have become classics. The Bond babe is OK but not among the best.
5|8027|Excellent movie. My Big Fat Greek Wedding is something fresh and original after endless lines of mindless romantic comedies. It shows the truth about love, it isn't always pretty, it isn't always easy, and sometimes you have to make comprimises but in the end it can happen if you work at it. The jokes are actually funny and the characters are real and lovable. The acting was terrifically well done, especially for a low budget independant meant for limited release. This was a highly enjoyable film, and if you're in the mood for something cute and lighthearted, this is what I would recommend.
5|7314|Holy Crap, What a classic
1|20613|Why this piece of cinimatic pablum ever became a hit is beyond me. The story line is boring and John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John waddle through the script. I have only seen it once or twioce, and that was once or twice to many!
5|19565|I never want to go in a corn patch again!!!
5|17548|my favourite hindi movie by far..easily one of the biggest blockbusters to come out of bollywood..the acting was awesome..the story was simple and good..had a nice touch of humour..this movie had everything..had an amazin starcast..if you havent seen it u have to see it..borrow it..if you dont know hindi read the subtitles..trust me its worth it..amitabh's biggest hit..
5|599|This is a first rate film noir thriller. Gabriel Byrne shines as Dean Keaton, an ex-cop turned crook turned reformed businessman and Kevin Spacey is absolutely convincing as Verbal Kint. The story is engaging and brilliant. The ending will leave you in slack jawed as you rewind the tape to immediately see it again and again.
5|5503|Oh geez, no more showers for me after I saw this movie at age 8. Well I'd shower but my mom would always yell at all the water on the floor (I was showering with curtain drawn). A first class psycho-drama that upped the ante for horror.
1|22004|This movie was terrible! The book was so much better than the movie! I would never reccomend this movie to anyone!
5|10227|I didnt think coyote Ugly was going to be all that great. Boy was I wrong!The plot was definetley more than I thought, the music was great, and I really got into the movie!
5|4609|My entire family enjoyed the film immensely. I put it above Chamber of Secrets (4.5) and the first Harry Potter flick (I rated it a 4). GO SEE IT ASAP. I have a different perspective on the Harry Potter movies. I have never read a syllable of any of J. K. Rowlings fine books, so everything I know about Potter is from the movies. I found the first Harry Potter a bit slow at the onset as they had to develop the story for all us muggles. With each subsequent Potter, we are now all familiar with the characters and enjoy a tightly-wove story. Prisoner of Azkaban was darker than the previous, albeit more compelling to adult viewers. There are some parts that might be a bit too intense to the wee ones. While I note some complaints from RIA Reviewers, speaking for the non-Potter readers, we really don't care if the movie doesn't expound on the significance of, let's say, why Harry Potter wipes his nose with his right sleeve instead of his left sleeve even though Dame Rowling might spend 10 pages on it. We saw Peter Jackson try to cram every minutae in LOTR Return of the King and I felt that it bogged down the movie. Things to check out in this movie: 1) Gary Oldman's stellar performance as the Prisoner; 2) The special effects are truly awesome; 3) The girl that plays Hermoine Granger keeps getting cuter and cuter. She's one tarty little witch. Her little witchy butt in tight jeans is displayed quite often.
5|19571|Very entertaining!
5|2278|At first I thought, oh, it's gonna be another mobster movie , but it truly was not! Great movie. Loved it.
5|5517|Not only is it wonderfully done and incredibly suspenseful, it has an extremely deep story and the script is witty and wonderful. Perhaps best of all, Tony Perkins shines like no other performance in cinema as Norman Bates.
5|24196|Robin Williams gave it his best shot to become accepted as a bonified Human ..! The longer the movie played the more involved it became. Great specail effects and thoroughly enjoyed. Except for the ending...don't take this wrong Robin Williams...but your supposed to keep us laughing our virtual butts off....got that? But you somehow managed to bring it into the realms of real tears. So knock that tears stuff off Mr. WIlliams or... No-More 'Dura Cell' Batterys for you dude. Got that? 
5|8033|I think it lived up to all the hype surrounding it. It was a great movie. Very funny in parts, and it dragged in others. I have some Greek friends and they assure me that it is not very far off the mark. Great laughs throughout, and a highly, highly enjoyable film.
5|7300|chevy chase is brilliant and rodney dangerfield plays a good jerk--very loud and very obnoxious. It's worth owning.
5|12342|This is by far one of the best movies I've ever seen. Being an avid rabbit lover and owner it reminded me of my bunnies so much. Its just overall cute and funny. I loved it so much I saw it twice just to take in all the things I may have missed. I just can't belive that clay-mation could be so precise and entertaining. Bravo to the makers of this funny and amazing movie. And it isn't just for kids, alot of adult humor in it also.
5|22281|I love the Jurassic Park movies! I just really enjoy the superb action, the wonderful effects, and the beautiful music that goes along with it. It's not for everyone, but it's definitely for me! I can't wait until the fourth movie comes out. It was suppsed to be out already, but they haven't started filming, they don't know who the director will be, and they don't even know the storyline yet! Well, anyways the new date for #4 is supposedly Summer, 2006 in case you want to know. Go Jurassic Park! :)
5|1017|If you don't like this movie, you might be a German mercenary. One of the greatest bang for your buck action movies ever made. It's filled with non-stop explosions, gunfire, and an occasional laugh or two. Yippie kye yi yeah!!!!
5|6778|Perfection Monty Python style.
5|21950|This movie doesn't have any famous actors aside from Billy Crystal and Fred Savage (whose parts are very small) but it's great. It's a wonderful story, and while it may seem cheesy (1987 special effects really aren't that good) to today's viewers, it's still a good story. I grew up with this movie and loved it, and many people I know still love this movie.
5|5271|Truely a Clasic!! 
5|11893|It reminded me of goofy time with my girlfriends talking about the love we longed for and the laughs we had. I thought it was really cool. I love Cameron Diaz.
5|18109|A horror classic.
5|21788|Masterful movie - the acting is top notch and the cinematography is spectacular'
5|10225|this was so much fun!
5|18679|I seen this for the first time last night. Don't get me wrong, this movie is really bad. Its flat out horrible. Its so truly terrible, that it made a good comedy rather than a horror film. Watching a half dead woman run all over the place in the middle of the night away from a mad man in a leather face with a chainsaw blazing through the air is one of the most best pieces of comedy Ive seen. Reccomended for comedy and distrubing material. I haven't seen any of the sequels, but I hope to see them this coming Friday.
5|19567|I love this movie. The main reason why I love this movie is because you get to see Paul Walker's bare naked booty. SIGN ME UP! But other than that, it also was very suspensful and it kept me at the edge of my seat. I think I had a couple of nightmares. It really scared me at the end, when the guy's voice came on the radio. I thought they would have a Joy Ride 2. I hope so!
5|3170|Thought this was a great thriller. It's about 2 orphaned teens forced to live with a rich couple, but they're not what they seem to be. Script was well done and so was the acting. It has a lot of suspense and surprises. Leelee Sobieski starred as the oldest child and did an excellent job. Also in it was Diane Lane and Bruce Dern.
5|23837|To me, this is the very best of all the Star Trek films. You have Kirk and Picard fighting side by side via the Nexus, an energy band that can make all your dreams a reality. Unfortunately, the villain, played by Malcolm McDowell, is willing to blow up entire starsystems in order to get back to the Nexus. Another plotline includes Data getting a chip installed that gives him human feelings. He has some very funny moments in the film.
5|7316|Thinking about taking that chick from logistics to the party. If everything goes right I'm gonna be showing her my oooh face; you know oooh oooh. Ooooh. I love this movie and it still makes me laugh; even though I have seen it about 50 times.
5|14043|Amadeus is a great movie for its cinematic efforts! This is a movie that tries to show the true lives of Mozart Amadeus for the sake of telling a true story, not just made to put actors in costume.
5|1001|The first time I saw this was in a huge. packed cinema with surround sound etc..I left feeling exhausted, as if I had actually been involved in the scenario. Excellent, and you can watch it over and over again.
5|14725|A movie based on reality which depicts a very good story with superb acting. Very well presented and documented.
1|17903|i hate this film...it is not scary but it makes you paranoid
5|8743|HILARIOUS! I can't believe how hard I laughed.
5|7470|A great movie to watch over and over!
5|4179|One of my family's favorite films. Well done in every way. Great songs, and the villains are great too. We have watched this many times and never get tired of it.
5|2508|There is only one Alamo movie. The John Wayne classic.
5|21946|I love the Princess Bride and everything about it. The casting was brilliant and I can't imagine anybody playing the parts better than the original cast. Cary Elwes was great as the somewhat dry, intelligent Wesley/Dread Pirate Roberts. Robin Wright was wonderful as the beautiful if not naive Buttercup and all of the supporting actors were amazing. Wallace Shawn was hilarious as Vizzini and he was so mean you just love to hate him. The on set filming gave the movie a sort of charm that can never be captured in a studio. All in all, great film with something for everyone.
5|5267|It has Judy and the land of Oz.
1|7693|This movie was actually more retarded than I had expected. The scene with the coconuts and Hurleys tits was like HUH, are you fugging serious! SOUTH PARK is 1000 times more stupid and crude and funny than this piece of dumbsh*t. In fact, Mike Myers is only funny in SNL. HyperHypo, Man. Now thats funny,harharharhar.....youpatheticfools.
5|3602|Lethal Weapon 4 brings a satisfying close to an action series that I consider to be one of the best. Like its predacessor, Lethal Weapon 4 dealt with a real-life issue (the issue of Chinese oppression and immigration corruption), and it made for a solid story. There were some great action scenes and comedy. The biggest props have to go to Joe Pesci and Chris Rock, who had such surprisingly good comedic chemistry on screen together. Glover, Gibson and Russo are solid as always. Jet Li is satisfying as the main villian. Overall, Lethal Weapon 4 is a fine addition (and ending) to this explosive action series.
5|20494|I thought that Disney did a wonderful job in updating this movie. The animation was fantastic and the music they chose was perfect. I thought it was great for all ages.
5|9449|I know I loved it, but I can't remember why I loved it. The soundtrack--the entire ambience, for that matter--is wonderful enough. ...my wry sense of humor and astonishing sexual technique... --Pretty funny coming from Woody Allen. It's the little things he throws in, his natural sense of humor.
5|1015|Exellent its one of the best action films of all time Dynomite 
5|12340|Clever, artistic and real talent combine to make a proper family movie. No super-heroes saving the Universe here, just down-to-earth creativity and humourous to boot!
5|8757|Since this movie was billed as a laugh a minute Sandler flick, it attracted the wrong audience. But it's actually one of my favorite romantic comedies. I've seen it a bunch of times, and it's really adorable, but most definitly a chick flick.
5|12426|A great family movie with an excelent twist, how do you find a treasure when you first have to find a map? My dad even got into this one on account of it made mention of his group the Masons (I think I can mention that he is one since they don't seem to be quite as secretive as they once were), and he does not watch too many Disney movies anymore. The film contained so much obviously well researched historical information and was so well acted that I actually started wondering if the treasure was real.
1|3393|Awful, what an insult to those men who died there. Nice hair, Josh. Hey guy, it was 1941, you were in the military - quasi-homosexual beatle cuts and sideburns were not the order of the day.
5|23823|Gilliam's best film. thank god for cable TV in the late '80's, failing it I would not have been able to see this movie like six times, which I needed to finally get my head around it.
5|15349|One of the best all time movies ever made. I loved it, aboslutly loved it. I just hoped they went into the lives of these great pilot's a bit more. Such as: By the end of WWII Yeager had shot down a total of 13 enemy aircraft.That in 1954 Yeager retired from testing rocket aircraft and returned to military flying only. There is no mentoin at all about Wally Schirra's six orbits in Oct.62. The most exiting details of Gordo Cooper's flight were left out, how he flew his spacecraft back after 34 hours and a ship that all systems were ethier dead or on there way. Pancho Barnes was indeed a test pilot, in 1929 she was flying expermintal aircraft such as the Lockheed J-5. She also owned and operated her own flying circus.The fire that burnt her club to the ground was considered suspicious because the Air Force wanted that land and threatend to condem her club, acting as her own lawer, she won her case and was awarded $414,000. The scene where Yeager loses control of his NF-104 and bails out happened 5 months after Coopers flight and 15 months after NASA moved to Houston, in the movie is is depicted during and before. All in all still one of the best movies ever. 
5|24194|This is not about artificial intelligence. It about human relationships, what it means to grow up and grow old, and to lose the ones we love. That's why its a tear-jerker.
5|13738|This was a very moving movie and brought to life interesting aspects of the Civil War.
5|5515|My second favorite Hitchcock movie, next to North By Northwest. Amazingly suspenseful, scary, and well-directed, acted, and shot.
5|10231|I thought that Coyote Ugly was a great movie!!! Makes you believe that if you put your mind to it, you can make your dreams come true. I'm in the business and would love to own a bar like that. The music also stays with you, you'll be singing it for days, until you finally buy the C.D.
1|24463|worst movie ever!
5|6034|This film is biting, twisted, and bloody hilarious! Sterling Hayden, George C. Scott, and Peter Sellers are just brilliant.
5|13710|Seize the Day
5|9307|A great movie from start to finish, with great one-liners, and excellent special effects. The whole idea of toons living with real people (Or vice-versa) was fascinating. I really wish they had made a sequel to this one.
5|18645|A great, spooky movie with some superb acting from Nicole Kidman and the rest of the cast.
5|11107|This movie was very funny and Jim Carrey was a funny character. Jim Carrey had a funny life because he had to take care of his stepkids that did not even belong to him. He even had a split personality.
5|4623|Greatest cartoon movie ever. It makes no scence, it has a Caterpillar smoking a hooka pipe, and the mad tea party is the most hilarious part of the entire movie. CLEAN CUP!
5|18123|a classic and scary
1|21255|This is the South Pacific for the TV verion I was subjected to last week, not the Rodgers and Hammerstein original. First of all, badly acted, so why not thow in a bunch of swear words, THAT will make it good. 50 something Nellie? Oh God. Throw in that HORRIBLE Blood Mary... lots of sex, oh thanks guys. Typical America. The girls who holds out get the guy and the girl who gives it up sits on the side of the road selling junk nobody wants. Thanks for that dose of reality. Thankfully sleep claimed me an hour and 45 minutes into the show or I may have had to look at that aweful selection for Joe Cable. Hmm., Ameil was OK. The only cute about the entire movie was the two little kids. If Hollywood or whoever claims this remake can't think of new scripts they better get out there and find new writers. 
1|11396|Not funny in the slightest.
5|15407|This is like the best movie i have ever seen! i got the soundtrack and im goign to the movie as soon as it coems out. if you havent seen this movie yet you should see it soon you dotn want to miss out on such a awesome movie!
1|19912|Same ole - Same ole. Do us a favor and save us from Scream 4!
5|12368|Definetely the best of the 4 movies. Had a better and more mature story line to it, just like the book, and for the most part, stayed close to the book. The characters were better played, and the new characters ie: Cedric, Fleur, Krum, Cho, etc. were amazing. Great special effects in the challenges, especially the dragon scene, and very emotional and scary.
5|6746|Classic Bette Davis. She's creepy and wonderful as the monster turned savior. Great build-up and great ending.
5|9475|An innovative love story/comedy that made me go out and buy the book. The film was much more eloquent and endearing due to its presentation and character development. Again, well integrated with a sound track.
5|13062|What a masterpiece. First, there is a tremendous cast...Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, James Caan, Robert Duvall. Each of the actors puts in a performance of a lifetime. Second, the storyline is so compelling and well written. Right in front of your eyes, Michael Corleone changes from the innocent, young soldier into the head of the family. Third, the movie made the Mafia a part of popular culture and paved the way for future movies and tv shows in the genre. If you haven't seen this movie, you are only hurting yourself. It is wonderful.
5|1029|The fighting scenes aren't so fake like in those Steven Segal movies. The only movie that I like of his.
5|15413|I LOVE SAVE THE LAST DANCE,WHOEVER HASN'T SEEN IT NEED TO GO SEE IT,TRUST ME YOU WILL LOVE IT.SAVE THE LAST DANCE IS THE BEST MOVIE I'VE EVER SEEN,I LOVE JULIA STILES AND SEAN PATRICK THOMAS. I MADE A LIST OF MY 10 BEST AND FAVORITE MOVIES AND SAVE THE LAST DANCE IS #1 ON MY LIST. YOU WON'T BE SORRY WHEN YOU GO SEE IT,SAVE THE LAST DANCE IS THE BEST MOVIE OF ALL TIME.
1|19906|Great minds think alike Mr.Pink.
1|12853|Garbage.
1|23456|That movie was so BORING! There was only one scary part in the whole film. The part when the alien thingy walked out from behind the bushes. I laughed at most of it like the part where they had tin foil on their heads.
5|4151|One of the few movies from my childhood which I remember with such fondness. Everything that happens inside the factory is completely mesmerizing and leaves memories still vivid many years later. Teaches some good lessons to children but also delights them with the wonders within the factory. The cast is wonderful.
5|18137|No gore, no violence - yet one of the scariest movies made!
1|9682|The second worst movie of all time!! The first one is 'The Cable Guy.' Jim Carrey's suck!!
5|5529|The American Film Institute has chosen PSYCHO as the scariest (er...most heart-pounding) movie of all-time. I would certainly agree. Although I am not too fond of the sub-genre that this film spawned (the slasher flick), I am a fan of Alfred Hitchcock, and what he has done is created one of the most famous and influential motion pictures EVER! PSYCHO's technical brilliance is rarely matched and it's entertainment value is undeniably great. Although conceived as somewhat of a black comedy, PSYCHO is without question the most sophisticated horror movie ever made.
5|3158|poopy
5|18889|Very scary!
1|23330|too old
5|9313|A fun, clever and genius movie of bringing animation together with real actors. Roger Rabbit is just so cute and it is so much fun watching Bob Hoskins interact with all the cartoon characters.
1|3344|This movie sucks. No plot, no talent, no fun action. This movie is Lame! With a capital L! Aaliyah needs to stick to her singing and Jet Li needs to find better action script because he can fight, he just isn't a convincing actor. The plot is way to scatter brained and really makes no point to keep the viewer interested. The only redeeming quality of this movie are the shots that show an X-ray of the damage as it is being caused. Hardlly makes up for such a waist of time and money, on both the studios part and on the consumers.
1|10711|Total let down! It Stunk.
5|13937|I wish this movie would have been hours longer. The story was compelling as was the love between them. I think that in our American history books we glorify people and gloss over reality in exchange for heroes. This movie showed what I believe was a much more accurate description of the average soldier, ignorant and narrow-minded. This movie was a masterpiece!
5|17589|Great movie but its called the triplets of bellvile.
5|558|I bought this movie on DVD without watching it on my brother's suggestion. He talked so much about this movie being one of his favourites, so I thought it was going to be great. The first time I watched it, I was dissapointed with the entire movie, except for the ending of course. Then, I watched it for a second time, and everything came together. With the knowledge I had of the ending, it made the rest of the movie so much better. Now, it is one of my favourites. I say I have watched the movie over 20 times, no joke.
1|9669|This was probably one of the worst movies I've seen in a long time. Word of warning: it's called Dumb and Dumber for a reason. It starts out dumb and keeps getting dumber and dumber. I was VERY disappointed in Jim Carrey.
1|12660|1 star...in honor of the first Chucky. BUT...why anyone would think that he needs descendants is beyond me.
5|21985|My favorite movie because it is a very romantic comedy which comes perrilously close to being plain silly, but maintains a feeling of ture love and passion. This movie has some wonderful lines which will leave you hoping for true love and thinking in a most positively possitively romantic way.
5|22254|Far better than the second installment.
5|6975|This movie legitimized the term 'mental health day,' proving that every one needs to play hookey every now and then. For that, I am grateful.
5|6961|i love this movie, and it inspired me to do something creative/crazy anytime i cut school.
5|12383|AMAZING! (Especially if you read the book first). What a great family film for everyone to enjoy!
5|20457|There have been videocassettes made about Everest journeys, but you have to be in the theatre to see the huge screen and in living, giant color, to see the dangers these people undertook and sometimes lost their lives. Touching, moving, great show.
5|21991|The Princess Bride is the best fairytale movie. The story within a story helps the action move along and adds a lot of the humor. The acting is wonderful and it leaves the audience with a great feeling. The music and scenery are perfect.
1|1221|I like a film that makes some sense - this did not!!
1|14205|Can a movie get any worse than this boring drama? I am sure, but not much !
5|21749|best movie ever!!!!!!!! if you dont see this movie you suck!
1|8205|What is the big deal about this movie? To me it is just unsuble, annoying comedy.
1|168|This is beyond wretched. Gibson running around with his face painted blue makes me think he's trying to imitate some medieval Glasgow Rangers supporter. An embarrassment to anyone with any real concept of Scottish history or pride. 
5|18876|Creepy. Tim Curry as Pennywise The Clown is one of the most scariest clowns in a film.
5|4810|My second favorite animated movie, my first of course in the Disney Robin Hood version when the main character(Robin Hood) is a fox and Maid Marion is a vixen.
5|1968|Best movie ever made imho. First time I saw it, chills ran up and down my spine when Jake's assistant says to him, Forget it Jake, its Chinatown. What a great ending.
5|13923|Jack Nicholson's has the greatest court speech ever. Intriguing story that keeps you glued to your seat. Interesting look into military life.
1|24488|More Will Smith drivel.
5|21007|I am a big musical fan. and The Music Man is one I have loved watching since childhood. Robert Preston is perfect as Harold Hill. Shirley Jones was good too. Ronnie Howard was just adorable. the tunes are clever. I do not think I will ever be able to sing along to You've got Trouble LOL A good movie about a con artist who tries to sell the idea of boys bands with the think method. Falls in love with the piano teacher.
5|564|Superb! A most deftly created intricate storyline coupled with fantastic acting and character development, reminiscent of older Coen classics, better than most of the over-rated Tarantino yarns... kudos to Bryan Singer, Byrne, Spacey and the rest of them, a masterpiece from beginning to end, especially the end.
5|18686|This is one of the best movies ever! Kudos to you Leatherface! Your the REAL American Badass.
5|23610|This si sci-fi at its best. You don't have to have huge ugly aliens or White House's being blown up to make a good sci-fi flick. Well, for it to be bankable you need those things but that is beyond the point. Dark City is BRILLIANT. Director Alex Proyas created one of the best sci-fi films ever made.A film that explores the fragility of the human mind, of identity, the mystery of love, and above all the strength of the human spirit and heart. Through all this darkness it is you who can bring about the sun. You have the power within you to change it all. This is a very underrated sleeper that bombed at the box office. I had the pleasure of seeing it while it was still in theaters. Ever since that evening, I have held this beautiful film close to my heart. Its message has helped me to become who I am today. REMARKABLE filmmaking. HIGHLY HIGHLY Recommended. Though not everyone will like this film, I believe any real movie fan with an open and accepting mind will fall in love wwith this milestone in Science Fiction.
5|22268|This movie was a classic. It was much better then the first one. When ever I watched that, I used to think, 'I wish I could do all of that, fly, shoot laser beams out of my eyes, had super strength etc.' Plus there was hardly any swearing in it and it was fairly clean, apart from a few violent scenes. Superman's adverseries were amazing, especially that woman. That woman broke that big thug in the pub's arm when he had an arm wrestle with her and when helicopters shot missiles at her and her 2 colleagues, they wern't harmed!
5|6949|With jokes flying a mile a minute, Airplane is an absolutely hilarious movie. The ridiculous, often bizarre humor can catch you off-guard, which makes the movie even funnier. I start laughing just thinking about Barbara Billingsley (June Cleaver) talking jive or the woman who wonders why her husband is having a second cup of coffee, which he never does at home (a spoof on an old commercial). Because this movie is jam-packed with clever word play, I recommend seeing it several times in order to absorb everything.
5|23176|A truly bizzare film about a disturbed youth. A dark story with some funny moments and a tragic sacrifice to save a teen's loved ones. I also found the ending to be very touching.
5|8964|the best part of this movie, i think, was morgan freeman's character. it's nice to see such a 'serious' actor take on such an amusing role. the three main characters (carrey, aniston, freeman) all work well together. this movie is sappy at times, but the funny parts balance that stuff. for dvd owners, the outtakes are by far the funniest i've seen.
5|202|patriotic movie that touched my heart
5|5298|Great fantasy story! There are very few fantasies out there that come close to the sense of awe and wonder this film projects. E.T. is the only one that comes to mind. Add that to the fact that it is has been branded onto our culture in the same vein as films like Gone With the Wind, Casablanca, Psycho and others. Great performances, excellent visuals, interesting situations and some great songs! It all adds up to one great film!
5|4186|Brilliant movie.
1|13542|American Beauty is an absolutely terrible movie. Anybody who has any morals should not like this film. It is a laboriously long film that exlploits teenagers and is very vulgar and lame. It is a degrading piece of garbage that never should have been made. Why it won so many Oscars is amazing! Maybe the academy is taking more to trash these days though.
1|12648|Pathetic.
5|4192|how can this be anything less than a 5?
5|14916|This movie was deep. A lot of spiritual insight. It's all about standing up for and preserving principles.
5|6785|Another senseless, idiotic, yet hysterical movie.
1|11341|The movie like anything else to do with Stern needs to be given just a quick glance. Loudmouth idiot with too much airtime, a legend in his own mind.
1|20822|F*CK MUSICALS!
1|2072|Just amplified my belief that Keanu Reeves is the worst. actor. ever.
5|21013|Excellent classic movie. Judy Garland's performance was incredible.
1|15641|This piece of crap winning Best Picture over Saving Private Ryan HAS to go down as one of the biggest travesties in Academy Award history.
5|16867|Classic - watch it over on tape/dvd - better than ratings support
5|5065|This is a wonderful movie for children my nephew loves it and......so do I!
5|3414|Great movie!!!
5|19003|Great movie with some awesome visuals. I liked the story as to why the vampires wanted to wipe out the werewolves. But I enjoyed the downfall of the vampire lord most of all. The whole movie was very well done.
5|16330|Say what you will about this movie, you still have to admit - it certainly caused a lot of people to think. Maybe that was Gibson's idea in the first place. All I know is the way I felt when I left this film transcended any of the dogma or doctrine human beings have dreamed up over the centuries to embellish what happened that day 2,000 years ago. All the yapping voices of priests, popes, preachers, scholars and self-satisfied experts were silenced and all I saw was Christs suffering and sacrifice illustrated in a way I had never really fully considered. I couldn't have cared less if the film's outline followed the Stations of the Cross or a Baptist Passion play. I wasn't offended that Mary cradled her son's broken dead body in her arms reminiscent of the Pieta. I wasnt shocked that Christ had a good relationship with his friends and family or that he loved his mother. I do not for one minute believe that the violent nature of the film was gratuitous and was there only to bring in more cash. No, there were no real feel good fuzzy moments in this film. It wasnt about that it was about the reality of death by crucifixion and a suffering messiah who was willing to go through that kind of torture for us. If you thought it was about anything else then Im pretty sure you missed the point. (Oh, and by the way, if you haven't seen the movie do your personal credibility a big favor and don't review it until you have.)
1|20375|This movie sucked! That's all I can say. It was a funny idea in the 80's, but now it's just redundant. I didn't see one good thing in the movie. Terrible script, directing and acting. I hated this movie.
5|8541|This romantic comedy is famous for one scene, which is unfortunate, because it is a genuinly funny film. Meg Ryan and Billy Crystal have a certain chemistry that you very rarely find in motion pictures these days. It was a pleasure to watch when it first came out, and it has not lost its appeal now.
5|22095|This is what helped dvd players sell, I don't know which was better the story or the style (which every director and their mother copied off of) everything was well put together beautifully, the cinematography iwas so inovative it was a pure work of geinus. The story line may be hard to follow for some, but if you like to think a little bit instead of having everything right in front of you.. you'll love this story. Reloaded is just as good, but unfortunately thats where they should have stopped because revolutions seemed rushed and leaves the audience feeling empty. well at least me.
5|15639|One of the very best movies I've ever seen! It is an extraordinary story, and true! The story really gives you the feeling like you can achieve your dreams, no matter how impossible they seem!
5|7114|One of the most funniest films made in awhile!
5|941|I had a hard time swimming in a lake or an ocean for a while after seeing this one. A true classic that put Spielberg on the map.
5|17990|This movie definitely disturbed me (not as frightening as reading the book though). This is a timeless horror flick. No matter what new special effects come out, Exorcist will always be horrifying. It plays more on you mind that blatant blood and guts of so many horror movies. I hear it is based on a true story which makes it even more freaky. 
1|24675|Good movie idea gone bad. They had special effects that were great and the idea of an invisible man is something you could really run with creatively, but Kevin Bacon was just creepy and Elizabeth Shue was annoying. The English chick who's name I dont know, whom Bacon surprised in her apartment is a hottie though.
5|16456|Robin Williams was great for this movie. He showed how to stand up for yourself when everyone is against you. Movie tells you not to give up- be persistent. Although it was pretty sad, the movie was good because it was based on a true story.
5|799|the best movie ever!!!
5|17748|good god this is scary its my favorite of all time its the best of all time i guarantee u wont be dissapointed this movie is awsome jamie is great just the whole concept of it is great u will be scared s***htless throught the movie donald plesance is the man the part in the closet that was freaky rent it now
5|5703|Loved it. Love Vivien and Clark.
5|4409|Easily superior to the original, Shrek 2 is a comic tour-de-force. There are a plethora of theatrical and televisionic references from Godzilla to The Price is Right and even Lord of the Rings. There's also some other forms of delightfully silly and chipper humor. The animation is even better, with the trees looking darn near realistic. The voice acting is solid across the board, but Antonio Banderas's Puss-in-Boots truly steals the show. Also, Jennifer Saunders as the Fairy Godmother is hilarious. Even the musical sequences are enjoyably fast-paced and upbeat and backed up with great gags and more.
5|17984|This is the greatest horror film. It was weird and devilish. Anytime you have devil like movies it freaks me out. I had to stop the videotape when I got scared.
5|16442|A heart warming story with a great performance from Robin Williams and a fine suporting cast.
5|2078|Non-stop action. Very suspenseful!!
1|1786|the ONLY good thing about this movie is it's 2 stars performances. This movie sucked !!
5|10033|Whoopi Goldberg was really good . Very good singing. Whoopi working with bad kids, helping them change their ways.
5|5717|This has been one of my favourite movies for years and years :) I've read the book as well, and I think the cast was very well-chosen, the historical account well told, and the story - of course - riveting! This is a true classic, and it's pretty easy to see why!
5|14255|Tom Hanks and Denzel Washington were great. This really has to open people's eyes to what its like to live with something as stigmatizing as AIDS. This should be mandatory for all people to watch.
5|1571|This is the best pirate film in ages. Costuming great. The Acting waqs good. Though really Johnny Depp stole the show.
1|20407|Terrible movie, this aint horror it's retarded.
5|7100|The other Mel Brooks classic (along with 'Young Frankenstein') from 1974. In this one, he spoofs the Jimmy Stewart, Marlena Deitrich western classic, "Destry Rides Again" (1939), among others while employing liberal uses of known cliches, situational gags and archetypal characterizations. Co-written by Richard Pryor (among others) and starring Cleavon Little as "Sheriff Bart", Gene Wilder as "The Waco Kid", Madeline Kahn as "Lili Von Shtupp", and Harvey Korman as "Hedy ("That's Hedley!") Lamarr." Comedy hijinks abound as Bart and his pal "The Kid" try to rally the citizens of Rockridge into putting aside their prejudice's in order to save the town from the governor (Played by Brooks) and his hired henchmen (led by veteran Western character actor Slim Pickens as Taggert.) A romp from beginning to end and worthy many repeated viewings. What a year we had at the movies back in 74! My sides are still aching.
1|3191|this is just another pathetic Rambo rip-off. please people, try to get a little original. I have seen enough movies where 1 man outsmarts an entire army.
5|8233|Cameron Diaz is so sweet sexy! Amazing movie! :o)
1|18198|One line for you...... NEVER SCREW WITH CLASSICS!!
5|12624|will ferral plays in this therefore its not dumb u idiots.
1|11802|This movie stinks, its pretentious arty fartsy crap!! Avoid it at all cost.
5|8555|A classic
5|12142|this is a great movie and it is really funny a must c 4 all skateboarders and all people who really dig funny movies i hope they make a grind 2
5|22081|What an ace film! How come so many peole didn't like it? I thought it was great! Canoe Reeves is really good and i especially like the ending!. Superb film!
5|9893|This is the funniest movie I've seen in a long time.
5|14533|this was an interesting movie and it had some funny parts in it which is awesome. I like most all of Tom Hank's movies.
5|1217|Quinten Tarantino has a way to create a story, make it go backwards, than flip it upside-down, and make you want to rant and rave about it for the rest of your existance. Out of the few movies he has made this is my favorite. And I will strike down with great vengenance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengance apon thee. -Pulp Fiction 
5|6578|All great Westerns used this film as a guide. A truly innovative film that was the mold for all Westerns to follow. The Duke stole the show in a supporting role and his great career that followed was catapulted from his role in this very entertaining Western.
5|10755|I loved this movie. I went and saw it twice.The actors are great and in some parts the WHOLE audiance at the theater was laughing for 5 minutes straight!! I love it!!!
5|5071|I must have been about 9 when this came out in the UK. My parents, sisters, cousins and aunts went to see this - and the general vote was that it was fantastic!
5|88|I am not usually a fan of thriller movies. Especially those slasher ones. This one was good. Anthony Hopkins was great a s Hannibal Lector. A psychiatrist who is in jail for murdering people and eating them. Yet he has a brilliant mind about understanding the minds of killers. There is another serial killer on the lose who kidnaps women skins them and kills. them . Jodie fosters plays Clarice who is hired to investigate the crimes and help find the killer. She goes to Hannibal who is in maximum security to talk with Hannibal to help find the killer. he agrees help so he can be transferred.there are some good chillingly frightening scenes in this movie between Hannibal, Clarice and tracking down the next serial killer who we do get to see,{ a real freak of a guy}as thrillers go this was a pretty well done movie.
5|20696|Maybe it's because I grew up with it, but this musical is so whole some and naive (if you can call a movie that). It kind of puts me in an idyllic state. It's kind of like a fairy tale.
5|19017|I love most of the stories in this film evspecially Something to tide you over that is soooooooo cool!
1|23668|I couldn't believe how bad this movie stunk. I would have rather spent my money on seeing X2 again.
5|13274|Truly outstanding and one of the greatest combat films to date.
5|6550|A fun and charming movie.
1|9494|The best thing about South Park on TV is that they push the envelope and I love that. This movie is just awful it had no redeaming value what so ever. It was out to shock and disgust and it was really just sad. The guy could have come up with a much better plot. Terrenance and Phillip suck on the show they should have never been in the movie. Timmy Rules.
5|3428|I cannot understand why people are so hard on Pearl Harbor. I thought it was a great movie, it was so awesome!!!!! I sat in the theater looking at the screen in awwww!!!!!!. The Japanese attack scene was both realistic and terrifying. The acting was decent.Ben Affleck and Josh Hartnett both gave good performances. Jon Voight was a great FDR ,and ALec Baldwin was good too as Jimmy Doolittle. KATE BECKINGSALE WAS SO HOT!!!!! I'm buying this movie on DVD whenit is released. People may complain about the love story, but that is what had most of them watching Titanic a thousand damn times in the theater. I love both Titanic and Pearl Harbor and I'm a guy.
5|4347|An all around great movie. We brought our boys..ages 4 and 5..and everyone enjoyed Shrek. I sit through many childrens' movies for the sake of my kids (although I have dozed off now and again and have found myself bored to tears in others) but this ranks up there with the best. Myers, Murphy and Diaz all do an excellent job, as well as Lithgow. The animation is unbelievable and the story line is moralistic while being entertaining and humorous. My kids and my husband and I were all entertained for the duration of the movie..the stab at many Disney movies was hilarious, there was plenty of adult humor that I hope flew right over my kids' heads. I highly recommend Shrek unless you are overly sensitive and want an ultracensored childrens movie..they do say a** in reference to the donkey..the gingerbread man does say eat me and there are a few references to flatulence..for me and my family, none of this was a problem..but I do know some people who would be horrified..not us, we LOVED Shrek!
5|11463|Great movie. It was amazingly funny, but once again might upset those who dont like sexual humor or those who arent in the targeted highschool to college age groups.
5|4421|This was a pretty good movie. It's from the same creator of Wallace and Gromit . a farm of chickens try to escape from being chicken pies. they get help from a rooster that the chickens think can fly.
1|24649|Not a Star Trek fan- never liked it. It's so boring . Never liked the plot of it.
5|17774|Great series. One of my all time favorites as a kid. Good music. Hella scary story. Everyone was good. Acting was good. All time classic horror movie.
5|18447|This movie was very scary because it messes with people's faith and what you believe in, and when people believe the movie it's scary because it shows how strong your faith is.
5|9105|Best movie of all time in this genre. J. Roberts + R. Gere = best couple.
5|22917|Great satire and a poignant message - the Alex character is memorable...
5|1559|This movie is good! The storyline kept me on the edge of my seat. Every character showed growth and development that every movie should have. I love Kim Basinger.
5|15163|Aww..everytime I think of this movie, I just smile. It's such a great movie. I own it and watch it whenever I can... you know!!! lol. Tom Cruise did a terrific job, and I don't WHO says he doesn't know how to act, the guy can freakin' act...Renee Zelweger is one of the best actresses I've ever seen perform in my whole entire life. Long live Renee!!!!!
5|7128|This is the funniest movie ever! Mel Brooks is the king of comedy and proves it with this film. Oh and Callmetootie, I think he was more focused on making it funny than making fun of westerns.
5|13506|Beatifully portrays friendship and the strains of adolescence. I bought the video and watch it at least once a year. Best affirming line: Do you think I'm weird? Yeah. But everybody's weird. 
5|6222|A nasty movie, and I mean that in a good way. Very well written, filmed and acted, particularly in the supporting cast. Cleans up the real-life Bonnie and Clyde, who were really small-time slack-jawed killers barely out of their teens, and with no more brains than a rabid raccoon, but that's a minor criticism of an otherwise excellent movie.
5|14269|A nihilistic descent into schizophrenic madness that I can't stop watching. Maybe it's the intricate photographic work, maybe it's Fincher's ear for dialogue, maybe it's the spellbinding performances by Ed Norton, Helena Bonham Carter, Meatloaf, and Brad Pitt, maybe it's all of the aforementioned.....it's an obsessive relationship that I never want to end. From the opening "needle drag" and Dust Brothers intro, you're swept into the dreary dirge of Norton's anticipated existence (recounted through jarring skips and flashbacks), never suspecting the ease with which he ends up dealing with his insomnia-induced repression. Shot through with trenchant humor, jabs at popular culture, and gnarly twists throughout, you'll find yourself enjoying it a little more than you should. A few "squirm and shifts" from time to time (and his name is Robert Paulson), but with a title like "Fight Club", you shouldn't expect shortbread at high tea. Get the disc and see for yourself why this film instills such ardor among its legion of loyal and eager fans.
5|15177|I loved the movie, it was so emotional. I loved when the beginning had the sex scene. That was my favorite part of the whole damn movie.
5|4435|This movie was superb! We saw it four times. The humor is exceptional. Alot of it is missed by the American audience, probably, but we love Nick Parks and Wallace and Gromit. The characters were fantastic. We enjoyed it every bit as much as our nine year old daughter, Cheyenne. Babs was one of our favorites. 
5|969|Jaws is the best horror movie because it still scares me today when I pass it on regular channels. Jaws is one of the best horror movies because I remember it freaking out everybody in Southern California so much so that no one wanted to go into the water at the beaches. Jaws was so good they made another two movies. I loved the special effects. Great!
5|2722|GREAT movie. Keeps you guess until the end. Plus, Angelina is a great actress, even if she's a bit rough around the edges.
5|4353|I THOUGHT SHREK WAS AWESOME! I WENT TO SEE IT TWO TIMES. ITS A GOOD MOVIE FOR EVERYONE. THE JOKES ARENT CHILDISH,BUT THEYRE NOT DIRTY. EVERY BODY WILL ENJOY THIS MOVIE.ITS DEFINETELY WORTH YOUR TIME AND MONEY.
5|20872|What other movie captures a period of time better than this film? The life of a Brooklyn teen with really no future except for his love of dancing. Plus, there has never been better music used in a movie than that of the Bee Gees. We're the Faces 
5|8569|Great the first dozen times or so, then it gets kinda old. Still a great movie.
5|15611|Titanic is my favorite movie from this list because it has all the qualities of a great movie. The plot was interesting. There was humor, romance, suspense, and adventure.
1|3813|There were a couple of moments where I thought the film could rebound and turn out to be halfway decent, but I was certainly wrong. I really don't see how it classifies as an action flick to begin with. It would be better suited under drama (rated at the bottom of the list of course). The plot was hard to follow, and it's quite questionable as to whether there actually was one. A sappy love story with NO plot is never a good thing, and certainly never makes for a good action flick.
5|7882|These go to eleven!
5|13260|Actors that convince an audience of unknown conditions, such as the autistic character in this movie deserve much recognition. Rain Man includes such a character. This movie's phenom is not in the relationship between characters or the ethical issues it presents, but in the incredible casting and actor dedication.
5|9677|You can't stop laughing!
5|6544|An extraordinary film about the destructive force that one simple lie can yield in poisoning friendships, ruining careers and destroying lives [PROGRAM NOTE: This 1961 classic will be shown twice next month, April 2005, on the Turner Classic Movies channel]. Although it is a sobering account and at times, somewhat heavy-handed, few films I've seen in recent yrs pack the wallap this one does. Highly recommended.
5|23348|This runs like a really good episode of the series. Ironically, in retrospect, the gradual descent in the quality of the series can be be traced back to around this time, although this movie is one of the best X-Files stories of the 5th season/6th season era. It rather rips-off a lot of other great SF, but it doesn't dwell on it too much and goes right back into a great XF story without slipping too much. Giving Mark SNow a full-fledged orchestra was not necessarily a good idea, and so this score is not as good as his scores for the TV show. Ultimately best appreciated after seeing the major mytharc episodes of seasons 1-5.
5|7869|Very witty funny. Jack Nicholson is superb until the end where he goes soft chases the waitress. Dark comedy part of the time because of what happens to the neighbor. The end was cheesy.
5|15822|I must admit, that when I was first told about this movie...I really had no desire to watch it. It had seem'd to me, that it would absolutely bore me. But upon renting, and watching it...I could not tear my eyes away from it within the first 5 minutes. This movie absolutely entranced me. I had never really heard of the Marquis DeSade before this movie...except from what the clerk at the movie store told me. From watching this movie, I have learned where S M came from. Rush gave an absolutely AMAZING performance. Rush has always been one of my favorite actors, and is an extraordinary performance artist. But I do believe that he has absolutely out done himself in Quills . And of course Winslet, is one of those actress' who just claim your attention upon entering any scene. I do believe, she did a wonderful job in this movie. She portrayed her character, in what I believe the best mix, of innocence, lust, and adventurous. She is a lovely actress. And then of course there is Phoenix, who although most of the movie, played a besotted young priest, trying to deny himself...came through whole heartedly towards then end of the movie...while losing himself. This movie is a wonderful portrayal of lust, greed, hate, intense sexuality, and the ultimate price of passion. Whether that passion be writing, sex, love, or hate. This movie moved me as no other has. And I bow down to the wonder and amazement of this enticing story.
5|8582|Sandra Bullock should be a teacher..! I really didn't think she had it in her. Simply due to the fact that she's such a pretty a lady. I hate to say it but I was impressed with Sandra's fighting abilities in this one. She could certainly well instruct the girls in the latest rendition of Charlie's Angels . Credibility ...! The producers of this motion picture aren't treating the audience like a bunch of stupid - gullable nerds...in other words. But the producers of Charlie's Angels seems to think we, as an audience will buy anthing they throw at us. Thanks to the producers of Miss Congenialtiy . And umm Sandra ....will you be a bit more careful from now on ......cause you're a really kewl lookin girl. Get my drift?
5|12195|If you loved the first one you'll love this one. I thought a sequel would suck but I was wrong,it was hilarious, I haven't laughed that much at a movie in a long time.
5|22056|Great movie. Action packed. No dragging. Good storyline. A movie for people interested in military and science fiction.
5|9844|This has to be one of my favorite movie.
1|8775|I dont know whats happening to Adam Sandler.
5|20899|They should really let Baz Luhrmann make more movies, he never just shows up and lets the film roll. Every time out, he opens all the windows and fills the movie theatre with fresh air. Maybe not everything works every time, but you never walk away thinking "Oh, I've seen seen that movie before". Movies need more wild, wreckless, imaginative movies like this one.
5|20641|This is my absolute favorite movie of all times! Thie music is awsume and the acting was the best! John Travolta is the best actor ever and he was sooo sexy in this movie! There is so much singing and dancing it is increadible! two thumbs up!
1|1751|This movie absolutly stunk. Made no sense at all.
5|5918|A classic from 1944, this farcical comedy is one of the best theatrical comedy features of all time. Although the plot involving the discovery of dead people might seem grizly to some, it is done so tastefully and some twists are so wonderfully unexpected that it is hardly noticable. Performances all across the board are great here, but Cary Grant's over-the-top, double-take-filled performance is certaintly the highlight. There is also alot of slapstick and dumb characters, which add to the fun. The ending is as crazy as the rest of the movie, making the viewing experience that much more satisfying.
5|22730|This was the best movie I have seen in a long time! It's action packed and full of surprises!! Once you see it, you'll be hooked, for sure!!! Here's hoping there will be a sequel!! ^_^
5|14296|What an amazing movie!!!!!Haven't seen one that good in a long time. I really admire Edward Norton's work. He's one talented actor! Brad Pitt was at his best. I just loved the end. I'm an optimist when it comes to judging movies...
1|12310|Not even worth being on this list.While I am here anyway, it gets two thumbs way down and a fat 1!!!
1|8007|As an Army vet, it's hard to laugh when each scenario gets more preposterous than the one before. Two beautiful permanent-party MPs are NOT going to bonk a couple ugly boots in the Commanding Officer's home, the entire platoon would have at best gone to the stockade for that graduation debacle, nobody, much less an entire unit, goes straight from basic to escorting a secret weapon in Europe and they certainly don't take their MP babes with them AND THEY DON'T START WWIII. Penn & Teller should do an episode of B***S***! on this movie. I know It's only a movie, but this one's not even remotely accurate. Sergeant Bilko, (TV or movie), for its ridiculous premise, was closer to the real thing.
1|7452|I dont know why everyone likes this movie it is bad. It isnt even that funny. Robert Deniro i dont know what you were thinking when you agreed to do this movie. dont see it is bad. And i hoe that the sequil is called meet the faukers
5|11488|AWESOME MOVIE..must see
5|20655| Grease is definitely a classic people of all ages can enjoy over and over again. Though the music can be what is thought to be oldies, it is hardly outdated. Grease is also a great movie that can be interpreted and played live.
1|23873|A yucky movie based on a bad video game series. Give me Mario or Poke'mon instead.
5|15836|I finally got to see this movie and I was thrilled! It was beautifully done and wickedly funny (even if it wasn't historically accurate but hey, that's Hollywood)! However, I would not recommend this movie to everyone...I would say if you have a closed mind, no sense of humor and are easily offended then don't see this movie. But if you like to be thrilled, shocked, amused and touched see it. It's not just a movie about sex...it's about sexual expression, sexual repression, censorship, hypocrisy, forbidden love...I could go on and on. Rush was amazing, Winslet was perfect...I would have given it more stars but they only allow me 5.
5|24433|Holy craparoonie!!! WHY is this animated slice of Nirvana this far back? Granted, it came out awhile ago, but stick it on a plasma screen and watch it dazzle your retinas!! Old-school showcase for meticulous paintwork that STILL can't be done on computer to any satisfying length. What it suffers in cultural curiosities is more than made up for in sheer scope and chutzpah. Count me an avowed fan.
5|8596|I have just been to see Miss Congeniality and i was surprised at the amount of people that came to see the show,i personnely found it funny and it was great to see some old faces in the movie. Michael Cain and others.I also liked the fact that if you brought your children they would enjoy it too and they would find some of the parts really funny. 
5|22042|wow, i forgot cameron did this one, too. as a sequel, i'd have to say this movie couldn't be better. unfortunately, some blasphemous hacks couldn't leave well enough alone and had to do a 3 and 4. the third one wasn't quite as painful as the fourth one, though i don't know what possessed sigourney weaver to agree to either of them.
5|9850|An amazing movie. Funny, sad, weird - i loved everything about from the dark role that Bill Murray played, to the odd soundtrack, to the ridiculous scene when all the little kids are dressed like wizards throwing rocks at the bullies. This is not necessarily a feel good movie, but it's also not a movie that tries to be powerful by being depressing - it's just an odd little flick that is really moving.
5|21563|Worth the the wait to see Hollywood produce an epic that isn't just a bunch of hype but a cinematic masterpiece.
5|10966|Utterly hilarious romp starring Eddie Murphy. Lots of great gags from slapstick to Star Trek references! No objectionable content whatsoever (its rated G in Canada, PG by the US MPAA), and an upbeat, optimistic tone is present. Highly recommended!
5|4384|A very funny film that attracts people and children alike which is quite rare in a film. Just as good as the first one i think.
5|63|Indy rules
1|9457|This movie just wasn't that good. It was a long, boring story about a guy that has trouble finding the right woman.
5|23374|except the ending pretty amazing go watch & you'll be rewarded
5|6593| Shadow of a Doubt is one of Hitchcock's greatest films, without question. Everything from the superb camera shots and angles to the brillant story-telling makes this a winner. It has everything; comedy, a budding love affair and Uncle Charly, portrayed by Joseph Cotten. It can't get any better than this!
1|21094|This has to be one of the alltime worst movies. It is just hard to watch. As a story it fails, as a musical it fails terribly. Just a bad movie.
5|9878|Its was a great film, but is better if you see the movies it is based in for you to get the best laughs. If you haven't seen it yet, what are you7 waiting for.
1|17240|A 1.5. I will give it an extra half point because Gigli at least did not hurt the mentally disabled person he kidnapped. othewise this is flat out boring movie. the dialogue is awful. the plot is stupid. Even though I do not think that Jennifer Lopez is a great actress, i have seen her act better in other movies. she was not convincing as a tough hit woman. Even Ben Affleck came on a talk show and said it was not a very good movie. Glad I only spent 99cents to try out this one.
5|12817|An amazing film. . .a great socio-economic film, sports is merely a backdrop to larger issues. . .
5|2093|When the movie came out, I thought I have to go see this movie. It was a great movie with lots of action and it made the audience and I feel like I was on that bus. It was one of the best movies I have ever seen. I have watched that movie about 10x!
5|18484|I'm not a big fan of this sub-genre created by Hitchcock (This is, in no way an attack on Hitchcock, mind you) but along with it's sequel Halloween, I can make a exception. Wes Craven has definately created something entertaining and, at the same time, very good. And yet, he wasn't done. He came out with a sequel that was alot better!
5|21205|Hilarious movie, heartwarming, and a fabulous soundtrack.
5|5930|Fast paced, humorous and a farcical delight. It pulls you in quickly and rarely lets you go. Grant is at his best trying to keep all the loose ends tied together and the touch with his brother being Teddy Roosevelt!! A wonderful story.
1|18167|What kind of horror movie is this. I've never heard of this one.
1|19279|I dont get it...hey what the hell is going on? Boy this is the stupidest movie ever.
1|11625|I'd have much more fun doing my laundry. A complete waste of time...and talent. Talent? Oh yeah...there is none! Avoid at all costs.
5|23360|Just as good as the show (ok, maybe better), I can't wait for more!!
1|3608|Josh Hartnett delivers a fun performance in this putrid, unfunny god-awful comedy . Ford is so mis-cast and wasted here.
5|21577|A near perfect rendering of the book.
5|10972|Best anf funniest motha lovin' movie of the year 2000
5|4390|Gotta love Shrek.
5|2939|One of my favorite films. Beautiful story, photography, performances and music. 
5|77|Definitely the best of the trilogy and one of the best action movies of all-time. One of the things that made it so great was that Indy was just a seemingly average guy. He didn't have any special powers. In addition, the movie didn't have any wild special effects and was more believable than most action movies (with the exception, of course, of the climactic scene). If you've never seen this film, what are you waiting for. It is Harrison Ford at his best.
1|6837|I sure am in the minority here but I could never laugh at this!
1|24067|Completely boring. Kirk talks to a computer. Haven't I heard that before? Too similiar to the plot used throughout the series.
5|19177|brilliant
5|3560|best van damme movie but i liked it because im a fan of bolo yeung.
5|5111|Bearing in mind this was supposed to be a family movie, I thought it was rather good. There were definetly spots that could have used some pepping up, but overall I quite enjoyed it. The story is predictable, but then, what kids movie isn't? I thought Robin Williams schtick (as people keep calling it) livened things up quite a bit, myself. Highly recommended, though you may want to rent it.
5|6418|I was not hoping to even see Doctor Zhivago . I thought it was some dark, dismal film but I was surprised at how quickly I got into the movie. It's such a wonderful story. I watched it in two viewings so it didn't come across as being long and tiresome for me. It's the story of a doctor (Omar Sharif) who falls in love during the Russian Revolution and it's truly captivating. Alec Guinness also makes a good appearance. Terrific movie.
5|15995|The most emotionally evocative piece of cinema I have ever had the fortune of viewing. The best movie I've seen. Bjork's performance is mesmerising.
5|14453|The only movie involving sports that ever interested me because it was so much more than that. A wonderful tale of the underdog all the way around on an off the basketball court. Gene Hackman does his usual stellar job of acting and giving us a very memorable character. Barbara Hershey also does a very believable job as his love interest. But the best performance of all was Dennis Hopper cast as the pathetic, washed up alcoholic father of one of the players. Absolutely excellent job - the best I ve ever seen from Hopper. The story, the music and the era are definitely compelling. I misted up from the start since, on a personal level, it really reminded me of my father. That was in great part due to the fact that they filmed the championship game at Hinkle Field House on the Butler University Campus (Indianapolis, Indiana) where my father attended college in the early 1950 s. So, of course, when the call went out for extras one of my cousins and I naturally answered it. Oh, yes, I m in Hoosiers even though you couldn t find me with a microscope! LOL!
1|18946|This is the sorriest movie I've ever seen. Too predictable and redundant. Bad acting and not even scary!
5|1377|i love this thriller it is entertaining and it would be better if jamie took her top off. her body can kill man.
1|3797|I thought it would be good but instead it was plain old horrible. 
5|7060|One of many masterpieces by Mel Brooks.
5|1411|The Redux version fills in some holes and makes more sense. Watch that version if you can.
1|6189|if you look into the movie its about a slutty girl who sells her body for the slightest things such as feeding her cat. She befriends a gigalo and then they fall in love. Overall this movie sucked and i would sincerely reccomend not seeing it.
5|835|The sixth sense was awesome. The ending was unpredictable and it was kinda scary. Haley Joel Osmand (I think that's how you spell it) and Bruce Willis are amazing in the movie. It's one of my favorite movies.
5|4569|What a sweet movie. A pig named BAbe who end up herding sheep. We hear the voices of the farm animals, BAbe is a sweet polite pig who makes friends with the other animal. One of the funniest scenes is with Ferdinand , who wants to get BAbe to steal the alarm clock in the farmers house. What happens is hilarious. A good family movie. VEry well done.EAsy for the adults to watch too.
5|5663|The African Queen is a great movie. Bogey and K. Hepburn were a great pair.
5|17628|Excellent movie overall. A few bizarre artistic touches, but a very intriguing love triangle story with a twist courtesy of the Stalinist purges. NOT a family movie. 
5|7074|This movie was great I like how even though they had movies in color then I like how it's in black and white cause it gives it the old monster movie feel. It's also a very funny movie, I like the dance scene and I like how the wife of the guy falls in love with Frankenstein. I love Igor's eyes they are so funny! this movie is a comedy classic very good movie indeed. 
5|12750|Being propaganda doesn't make it false. Besides, people who were voting for Kerry were going to, movie or not. And republicans are very dense and stubborn - their vote is more about beating liberals than it is the betterment of the country. No facts or propaganda could change their mind. They don't care if Bush is a liar. So, who cares? Good movie.)))))))) ))))))))UPDATE. And they KNOW Bush is a liar. They don't care, people. It's like Ben Affleck's sister saying 'Gigli' was good. She knows it sucked, but she'll be damned if she is going to givwe critics the pleasure. Deep down they all know he is the worst president in history. They go to bed thinking about it. But if you say it to them, they will defend him at all cost. Come on, even republicans are not that stupid. They know. It's so obvious. ALL THE LIVING GREAT MINDS AGREE. I think it's a shame that folks voted for Bush, thus throwing our country away, basically, literally for spite. Damn shame. We will fall, just like Rome, and historians in the future will look upon this administration's run as the turning point. Naturally, republicans will dismiss this comment, like the stubborn morons they are. That's the problem - nobody will open their minds. THINK PEOPLE! Trust me, THAT is what Jesus wants.)))))))))))))))))UPDATE Being against the war is the most support one can give the troops. If I was there, I would feel more supported by the people who wanted me to come home and NOT DIE. I would feel less supported by the people on the right, and the administration that said, casualties are irrelevant right now. 
5|22693|I've been a big fan of the comic and cartoons for a while now but never thought the movie would do it justice. But after seeing it I was wrong. Personally I found it to be a great movie to watch that was fun and not only did I enjoy it but so did the others that I went with and they knew absolutely nothing about the X-Men before seeing this film. That's why I thought it was such a success, you don't have to be a fan to enjoy it. ( and Hugh Jackman was great )
5|9059|I could watch this movie over and over and NEVER get bored. I LOVE Chris Farley!!!
5|15981|I always loved this movie. it does a terrific job of showing us what life was like for the Jews in the 20's. Fantastic.
5|13328|Gave you a real appreciation for WWII. Really made you feel for the soldiers. Had you on the edge of your seat from the start.
5|14447|This is a movie about the man who held indian ideals in him in the real sense.The indian values for respect for life,freedom in the time of colonial subjugation made him great.But the height of his greatness was when a reporter asked him...(sarcastically) Mr gandhi how come you never won a nobel peace prize even after being a advocate of peace for nearly all your life??..he said i don't care for the nobel prize because i am not aiming for it...my aim is to help the common man of india...when india is passing through it's darkest days through non-violence and peaceful methods 
5|7712|Mike Myers is funny as Austin. The storyline was great. The music was so right for this movie.
1|3783|I bet they got pretty deep into production of this movie before a intelligent passerby observed that "Faster and Furiouser" might not be the best name for the sequel.
5|19163|La mejor comedia-gore que v en mi vida, de lejos la mejor, insuperada. Injustamente relegada por la crtica. Un clsico en toda ley. 
5|16250|Jennifer O'Neill is one of the best actresses of our time.
5|5105|Great movie! It got excellent reviews, but it did not do so well in theaters. Still rocks thought.
5|13300|Saving Private Ryan was one of my favorite movies. It was a good war movie and had strong plots within. The movie was not just packed with action but also spoke to the emotional side of moviegoers. It was a little long, but the quality was so good I didn't realize it had been that long.
5|9717|I did not have any expectations when I went to the theatres to watch that movie. But I was pleasently surprised. Will Smith was very funny and so were all the other actors. The story was not crazy unique but it made me laugh a lot. It is not that kind of movie you will remember for a long time. It was great entertainment and that is what I was looking for.
5|6424|This movie really should have one best picture over sound of music. Wonderful story and so beautifully filmed.
5|8409|An all time favorite, which through repetition only gets better and funnier
5|4233|I can be such a girlie - I admit, parts of this made me cry (I know, pathetic) I thought this was a really sweet little story about a litle group of misfits who usually wouldn't have anythhing to do with eachother - but bond due to one little, cute human baby. The animation is really good and Denis Leary is great Diego and the character Sid is soooo sweet. Another great film that kids and adults can watch and enjoy together.
5|20912|Should be way higher. It was an awesome movie, with great music, great acting, and a great story line. Also, excellent cinematography.
5|16278|This movie was the BEST version of Jesus's finale twelve hour EVER made!!!Mel Gibson is BRILLIANT!!!Poor Jesus!!He had to go through ALL that hell to save the ENTIRE human race for our sins!!!And I am so SICK of people insulting the s--- out of Mel and his movie!!!I KNOW that the movie was VERY violent.But that's 'cause it HAD to be.That how brutal Jesus's crucification REALLY was!!!Mel wanted his version to be the MOST realistic to the actual event,and he worked his ASS of to do it!!!I admit that he slightly overdid it with the violence a bit.That's why he went back and edited some of the unnessicary violence in "The Passion Recut".OKAY?!!!Now NO more bitching!!!Alright!!!
5|2124|One of the best of the series, and with a classic line too. Do you feel lucky punk? Well do you?
5|5893|Greatest Hitchcock film. Absolutley remarkable.
5|4555|Another bulls-eye for Pixar. One of the few movies that is great for all ages and yet doesn't fall into the trap of being too childish. A retired super hero aches to break out of the run-of-the-mill family man role and go back to his glory days, and he gets it. And so does the rest of the family. Excellent animation, cute storyline; I can't think of a bad thing about it.
5|15017|I watched this movie again and I really fell in love with the character Daisy Randone. She is just a giant intriguing mystery. She's a well done character who's finally found out. Her death scene made me cry so hard. Brittany Murphy deserved an oscar nomination for this role.
1|11786|I did not see this movie nor am I likely to see this movie. It looked so stupid I think the paper gave it no stars.
5|14309|i thought this movie was fascinating. my favorite part was all of the voice overs that edward norton did in his mellow monotone, esspecially his i am jack bits. the whole look of the film was really intriguing, everything from the endless darkness to the strange costumes to the bloody fight scenes. i'll admit that i thought the movie lost strength towards the end, as if the wirter kind of ran out of steam. none the less it keeps you on the edge of your seat and leaves you thinking.
5|9071|To add on to a couple more great parts....when Tommy is being Darth Vadar into the fan...'Luke, I am your father'...and to add to when he gets hit with the board, 'it doesn't hurt here or here, but more RIGHT HERE'. Or what about the part when he meets his new step brother and he says, 'brothers don't shake hands, brothers got to hug.' Or when he goes cow tipping, falls and then at the gas station he is dancing around singing, 'I'm a maniac, maniac on the floor, dancing...' This movie is so great. It is my favorite comedy movie. It is tied with Dumb and Dumber. You can watch these two movies over and over. It is so sad he had to die, but at the same time, as crazy as he was, he couldn't have made it too far.
5|6342|Began a new era of Hollywood movies. I love Simon and Garfunkle's tune, the performances, and the overall feel of the movie. A true classic and it's in my Top 20. Not only that, it's hilarious! 
5|7048|Feris Buellers day off is a classic, the acting, scenery, plot, cinematography.
5|13472|Four young boys out on an adventure before they're to old to be ruined by adulthood. The relationship between these boys, their interactions and behaviors are all believable. The boys parts are acted very well-River Phoenix was great, so were the other 3 who I can't remember their names right now. I've probably seen this movie 5 times, it's on my top 20.
5|22877|THIS MOVIE IS THE BEST IVE SEEN IN A LOOONNGG TIME! IT IS 20X BETTER THAN THE FIRST(DONT GET ME WRONG, I LOVED THE 1ST ONE) X-MEN IS SOMETHING THE WHOLE FAMILY WOULD LOVE! IT IS LOADED WITH ACTION, ROMANCE, COMEDY, EVERYTHING!THE BEGINNING STARTS OFF WITH AN AMAZING ACTION SCENE IN THW WHITE HOUSE, IT LEFT ME BREATHLESS WHEN IT STOPPED. AMAZING FILM, AMAZING! AND IT WAS EVEN BETTER THE 2ND TIME I SAW IT- ITS JUST FILLED WITH GREAT ACTORS, GREAT SETS, AND AWESOME ANIMATION! HOPE YOU GET THE CHANCE TO SEE IT!
5|6356|Arguably the best acting performance in the history of American cinema Marlon Brando plays Terry Malloy with such vigor it's impossible to stop watching. His intensity is equalled only by the delicacy in his performance, particulary in the classic scene with his brother Charlie. This film about guilt and redemption is up there with the greatest films of all time.
5|17614|This movie can really show the truth about what is really going to happen. It is a very moving movie and a great witnessing tool. I took as many people as possible to this movie. To people who think that the rapture won't happen, you will be sorry when you are left with termoil and grief. I hope that with writing this that you will check out this possibilty of that happening. Anyone that is reading this, please believe.
1|9292|Another very over rated movie, Lili Dolly and Jane. This was Dolly's first feature and she was the best two parts of the movie. I have never found Lili to be all that funny and Jane well Jane is never funny. Dabney Coleman suffers through the abuse that the ladies force upon him and the movies brings some short lived life to his carier. Good vehicle to get Dolly started up other then that it was a bust! Ouch.
5|2130|The quintessential Clint Eastwood movie. A great script, excellent direction and one of the all-time loathesome villians. The scene where the villain pays someone to beat him up is worth the price of the rental all by itself.
5|19639|In a time where all we were getting is crappy Scream and Urban Legend blah-blah-blah, this one actually turned out to be pretty good.
5|4541|Pixar just continues to amaze me. This is probably their best movie. I liked how colorful the characters were, the animation was spetacular, and the story was fill with action and humor that adults and kids could enjoy. It's truly Incredible.
5|11265|Stupid crude disgusting adolescent humor. I give it 5-stars.
5|4227|A heart-warming tale with the mixed wonderful personalities of the great characters you've got entertaining great animated flim worth watching, recommended Yes!! 
5|18241|Sam Raimi stumped upon a simple formula of making an unneccessary gory horror movie and adding Bruce Campbell to it. This one gets a five because it was the first movie to really do the gory-horror-comedy formula. I couldn't stop laughing because you expect to be scared, but instead they treat you to gallons of blood and a zombie saying, I'll swallow your soul. It is just so unbelievable from start to fininsh.
5|9703|Meticulous. Down to the super-mellow balding backup musicians for Mitch Mickey adorned in all black. Down to the Peter Yarrow-esque over-dramatic tenor of Folksman Alan Barrows (Christopher Guest). After enough listening, the music seems genuinely good. I've always been a sucker for bluegrass and good harmony and each actor shows a great deal of musical skill. I will nitpick if I may--if anything there were too many actors. Everyone who has ever been in a Christopher Guest venture had to make an appearance leaving little room for character development. But wow, many memorable moments and the improv is at its best. It might as well come out on video. It's not like anyone is still going to see it in the theatre anymore. Enough out of me--great, great flick. And to C. Guest and Co: I'll follow you to the ends of the Earth.
5|6430|Paul Newman's finest, if this was one of his salad dressings it would be Ranch! Worth watching @ 3 a.m. on a work day. Can't wait to see it again...
1|10301|To call the characterzations in this movie stereotypes would be an insult to stereotypes. Thirty years ago this movie would have been out of date. Martin and Latifah should be ashamed of themselves to get involved with such a stupid depiction of blacks and whites. The really offensive thing about this movie is that its supposed to be some sort of social commentary.
1|19443|What was the point of that movie anyway? I wasn't even scared, just very confused...
1|18985|Definitely a film you either love or hate. It did not appeal to me. The storyline is unfocused. The main character is full of himself and not relatable. The special effects are laughable.
5|148|Up there with the Exorcist, the Shining and all the classic psychological thrillers
5|20735|its on in 3 minutes on encore i have seen rocky horror at the midnight movie over and over and over it really is a cult classic
5|17827|Excellent storyline and idea that turned into another classic. Ive never read the book, so I am not comparing the two together. This movie definetely has some really good scenes. The scene with the blood in the hallway freaks me out every time I see it!
1|4985|take the animals to a chinese restraunt or something.
5|13499|Such a great movie, excellent acting and a universal story. I really enjoyed the narrating and looking back aspect of the film. An excellent and somehow soul searching adventure of these best friends. Of course, since it was based on a Stephen King novella, there had to be that morbid flare (their entire journey occurs because they are in search of the dead kid's body) However, even that aspect played a key part in the movie. That kid who played Gordy did a superb job of acting..the look on his face as he took that leach the size of a small mammal from inside of his underwear was priceless.
5|8390|This movie is the starter to all the slacker movies, Daze and confuse, Suburbian, the list goes on the movie is awesome
5|22644|Except for the costumes, I could not have been more pleasantly suprised at the true x-men feel to this movie.An unknown actor like Hugh Jackman did Wolverine about as good as you can do. I loved the little previews of characters like Iceman and Jubilee. This movie has me begging for a sequel that will include new costumes, new characters, and the development of the current ones.Check it out, bub!!!!!
1|16002|Awful direction with non-sense camera movements and continuos wrong use of the time in the scenes. I save the music but not the inclusion of all of the musical parts. Everybody may think it is great. I think it is terrible.
5|22888|The minute I sat in that cinema seat, I became a child again... and I loved it! Far from saying the film is for kids, as the many political undertones and cultural references are clearly aimed at an older audience, most probably people like me who grew up with the X-Men and don't mind slipping back into our childhood for two hours and seeing our imaginations portrayed in on the big screen. Die hard comic book fans do have to realize that the screen is a very different medium to the comic, so concessions and sacrifices do have to be made, as painful as they are (Gambit). I thoroughly enjoyed reliving the easy days, so I can't wait for the next one!
5|21359|A great movie. The dark second act to the original triolgy, the characters become more real. The good guys are very good, the bad guys are very bad, and the war rages.
5|5878|Director David Lean's greatest strength in film making is to make you feel the climate. I felt hot and thirsty watching this film. Just Like Dr Zhivago will make you feel cold 
1|12264|Easily one of the worst movies of all time. Crude humor, bad language and tons of disrespect all around. Tom Green should be arrested.
5|22136|Keanu Reeves is really a good actor, from Bill and Ted to Speed and then the Matrix. If you like good special effects then this movie is for you. It also has a good soundtrack. If you don't have this movie, buy it today!
5|9924|This is the funniest movie in the world. If you love to make fun of people who get screwed up on drugs, then this is your movie. I love people trying to act stoned.
1|18749|This film is a blatant ripoff of Psycho by simply reversing the mother/son rolls and the acting was appauling. Even worse it begot a zillion even worse sequals.
5|15942|how much more can a man value his word ?
1|19457|Terribly rip-off of Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
5|20709|The Sound of Music was exceptionally good especially because people of all ages can watch it and appreciate its content.
5|18296|changed the entire slasher genre, making the villain have more character. this is the one that made wes craven a household name. required watching. 
5|21417|I am a fan of Star Wars since I've seen it in the last five months. Well written, well played, and equally loved. It is the best trilogy ever. 
5|23200|It's been awile since I've seen this. When I saw the preview I knew I would like it. Sure enough, I loved it! It's a very clever movie handling past and present times. Isn't it amazing if you could change your future?
5|12963|This is easily one of my top 10 movies. Tim Robbins shows that modesty and persistence in bad situations can help one come out on top. I fell in love with Morgan Freeman's character for his realization that conforming to the norms (e.g., trying to convince parole officers of his remorse for crimes he committed as a youth) may not be the best way to reach one's goals. Morgan Freeman and Tim Robbins were a fabulous match.
5|23566|I love this movie! Not only is it beautifully shot, the actors were great. Tom Cruse was at his sexiest and Tim Curry was terrifying. I just bought the 2 disc dvd and it was very informitive on how it was shot. It enchanced me as a child and I still watch it almost 15 years later
5|6381|One of my favorite movies because it's set in Bella Otalia. Also, the two main characters being, Hepburn and Peck perfectly fit the stereotype of Americans in Europe in the fifties. The movie shows several famous Roman buildings and monuments and gives a little insight into the life of Europe after the war.
1|18007|lOVE sTEPHEN kING, HATE THIS BOOK AND MOVIE!
5|5850|Easilly the best movie ever. Cinema`s greater masterpiece. Why didn`t Welles win an oscar with this movie?????
5|21371|best of the holy trilogy (don't count the others.....garbage,complete garbage) 
5|4596|this the best film of the harry potter series yet because emma is older and looks better and there is more action.
5|612|A movie that makes you think. No formula here, excellent plot twist at the end. For those looking for the regular mix of gunplay and explosions, this movie won't disappoint.
5|21365|This movie and the other 5 will long endure for generations to come.Of course they have already spanned 4 decades.
1|222|Quite a waste of my time, the people's time, and the Academy Award voter's judgement. Granted, an epic film is a very tough task to undertake, but Mel Gibson falters on every level here, plummeting a beautiful story into little more than something to throw popcorn at. His acting was ridiculous and overdone, and while the scenery (but not atmosphere) was visually pleasing, he give the viewer no chance to bask in it the way he should. The drama here is all false.
1|23085|Star Wars: The Phantom Meanace is the first of the new trilogy that George Lucas has come out with. It is in fact a badly made film with annoying characters and no plot or storyline whatsoever. The acting was terrible, and you can't ask an 8-year old boy to take the role of a role that a 30-year old man took 25 years ago.
5|606|I saw this movie because all my friends were telling me to see it. This movie was awesome. Not only was the plot clean, but the characters were perfect for the movie. They did a great job at manipulating everything and making you think something else.
5|6395|This John Ford movie should be much further up the list! John Wayne is a misfit and a loner on a quest to rescue his neice who was stolen by the Indians. Why does Wayne's character really want to find her? Duke is more of an anti-hero than hero here. The last scene is terrific--wind it back and watch it again.
1|11989|Horrible casting. None of them could have ever been losers because the look too pretty. Plot stunk like rotting flesh. Best scene is the dream sequence in the credits.
1|18775|You mean all you have to do is make a copy of the tape and you're safe? What if you gave someone a copy? Would they still have to make a copy of the copy? What if you copied it onto dvd? What if you copied over one of youre Dukes of hazzard episodes? Would Rosco P.Coltraine step out of you're tv. That would be sweet.
5|160|Silence of the lambs was the Best horror movie I have ever seen. It was good because it was realistic horror with a good story and lots of blood
5|18282|a classic not scary but just a classic it was funny
5|21403|This is by far the best Star Wars movie. It reveals to Luke who his father is. It also introduces the bad ass character Boba Fett. It's a must see movie.
1|24503|It's just the same as the first one.
5|19413|Alice is a twisted 12 year old violently jealous of her younger sister(Brooke Shields)in this absorbing, atmospheric slasher movie. The setting is late 50s New Jersey. The creepiness of things is captured lovingly in small details and great location photography, in an almost Coen Bros tone. and a monstrous landlord(you will never forget this character once you see him in his antique-stuffed apartment surrounded by kittens, eating out of catfood cans, looking like a 500 pound John Turturro.)50s New Jersey Catholic environment is creepily and smartly evoked. Paula E. Sheppard is perfect as the nasty Alice. The way she sticks her tongue out to receive communion is great! Gore is slight, with only 3 stalk-and-stab scenes. A lot of gushing blood in the finale, though. You could call this a classic of its type, since it is far above average in the 70s maniac slasher category.If ya smelllll what the Shape, is roasting!!!
5|20292|SCARY!!!!!'''''
5|5475|A real classic movie. Would have liked to see a sequal made.
5|10351|A fantastic movie about a recent retiree (Nicholson) who is looking back on his life while facing his final years. Parts of the story are told through letters Nicholson writes to a child in Africa that he is sponsoring, which adds a nice touch to the movie. Kathy Bates steals every scene where she appears in her supporting role.
5|13658|Excellent movie. Everyone did a great job, Oprah, Danny Glover and Whoopi Goldberg. Sad movie, but I enjoyed it. It makes me happy that we are not living in the early 1900's...
5|13880|Best Movies I've ever seen!!!
5|15229|I love this movie and thought it was great! They carried out the relationship great and made it realistic. Note: I love the way they talked! Hehe!
5|7262|classic. how could a person not appreciate this movie? bill murray is hilarious and thats all you need to know.
5|7504|A 5 spot for the music.
1|2853|This movie sucks. Worst Bond movie ever made, well it beats Casino Royale, but even AVTAK and NSNA are better than DAD.
5|1175|A rarity for sly (IMHO) this is a geat movie. It has two realistic characters: a down and out Viet Nam war vet gets bad news and a small town sheriff that uses shady means to keep his town clear of vagrants. When the two clash, the viewer sees the capabilies of both.
5|9529|That must be one of my favourite english comedies ever. Witty, original, with a perfect screenplay (they made a wonderful use of this lovely sheffield slang), with a few pretty outstanding performances (Mark Addy in particular), good use of kitchy disco music you may start liking after this movie. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
5|21832|A great film, but not quite to the level of the first film in the trilogy. Jackson had to take liberties with the scene sequence of the book and the result was I just never got a chance to settle in at any one place long enough. The most glaring difference was the music, not to the level of the FOTR, and the closing song, as the credits rolled, was painful to hear---the one truly bad decision Jackson has made since he started these films. Glossed over was the fact that Elrond is Halfelven, that his brother chose a mortal life many millenia before and that Arwen can choose to surrender her immortality. More time should have been spent with the Ents like Quickbeam and less time creating scenes like Aragorn pitching over a cliff with a Warg. This was obviously spliced in to give weight to the passion developing in the heart of the Maiden of Rohan for Isildur's heir. I guess I am being spoiled in my assessment, as the first movie was so good I expected the second to be that much better, like The Empire Strikes Back was better than Star Wars. Disappointed, but stiill deserves five stars and hopefully the Return of the King meets every excpectation.
1|22614|I could only give this movie one star because of the entertainment. As a movie itself it was one of the worst movies i have ever seen i seriously could not even sit through it. There were many actors and actresses that took part in this movie but how good could they act if they had a screenplay that was pathetic. Don't get me wrong I love comics and love marvel heroes but this was the worst portrayl of the marvel heroes ever. Rogue and sabertooth saved the movie but where the heck is Gambit?
5|10437|I give this movie a 5 for origionality and charm! Mel Gibson and Helin Hunt get two thumbs up!
5|17358|This movie is trademark Almodocar. Crazy, distrubing, touching, but hilarious. Including Almovodar regularas like Carmen Maura, and a 20 something Antonio Banderas, this movie is about women on the verge.....and women in love. While the basis of the story line isn't original (a woman getting dear johned by her her lover for someone else (ironically, she was the other woman with this guy too.) How she reacts to it, and the steps she takes to finally confront him are what the movie is about, and that is where things get crazy. This was the first movie by Almodovar that I'd ever seen, and I became and instant fan. 
5|389|This movie is probably the best one I have seen for the year of 2000 so far. The battle scenes were outstanding. The character, Maximus, was a bad ass. It was like a love story and an action movie all in one. The story of the movie was good. Direction was outstanding.
5|16046|This movie was so good. I seen it 9 times and could see it some more. I love the characters and the storyline. The ending was so good and i'm happy that they end up together in the end. I also admire her courage to ask him to play for his heart cause that must take lots of courage to actually say that to someone.
5|21826|I LIKE ORLANDO OOPS I FORGOT HIS LAST NAME HE PLAYS LEGGOUSES DON'T KNOW HOW TO SPELL THAT THOGH
5|5307|OK, OK, yeah I know Wizard of Oz, but hey, it's good. The music, colors, scenery, costumes and the overall story is all really well done. It helped to bring my creativity out more in my writing and acting. Great movie, great everything!
5|10423|i own the dvd. helen hunt is amazing
5|2468|Very suspenseful with an interesting cast. I liked it a lot.
5|16052|This movie was excellent in showing the troubles that couples go through while in college. It was very romantic and something every female should see. Critics gave it a poor rating, but they know nothing of what they are talking about.
5|4019|Not only do my kids love watching this over and over, but it's a movie that my husband and I enjoy watching with them also. Pixar has outdone themselves with Nemo...the humor is perfectly balanced with a character-building plot. Great themes in this movie like loyalty, empathy and living life as the adventure that it is. I agree with others that Ellen D. was great, if not the best, in this movie. BUY IT...it's one of those kid movies that will actually get watched at your house!
1|9912|This movie is too stupid. It goes beyond stupid funny(like Jim Carrey), and stops at horribly stupid funny.
1|3581|Can a war film be confusing, boring, and pretentious? Yes it can!
1|20017|this is the absolute worst of the series this plain sucked
5|7510|Dan Ackroyd and John Belushi are comic geniuses, and this is there masterpiece work. There are some trully hilarious moments and the soundtrack featured some of the best blues you will ever hear. THe laughs come a mile a minute, so put on your sunglasses, fill up your tank and sit back enjoy two hours of absolute comedy at its finesy.
5|14645|I loved this movie....It has been put onto my fave list. If you like movies that have romance and dreams coming true this is a movie to watch..the acting by the guy who played Cooper wasn't that great but other than that the movie was good. I loved the plot and Amanda-Jody was awsome. This movie helped me see that with hard work even I can achieve my dreams...I LOVED IT.
5|6168|One of my favorite movies ever. Gable and Colbert are funny and the situations they get in are hilarious. Compared to later screwball's, like His Girl Friday, this one is a classic. 
5|1607|The monologue given by Kevin Spacey near the climax of the film, was so brutally honest. Truly Justifiable Homicide.
5|14123|Truman Show was funny. I liked it. I thought it was a comedy though. Jim Carrey did an excellent job in this movie. He is a wonderful actor.
5|13894|Greatest boxing movie of all time. The script was originally written by Sylvester Stallone. It shows the outstanding triumph of the human spirit. Stallone had to actually train to box, making the movie that much more awesome.
5|22491|In my opinion, perhaps the best movie of all time, not just in the sci-fi genre. It is everything the art of cinema should be all about - compelling story, characters with depth and most importantly the kind of visuals that only cinema can provide. Ridley Scott, for all of his fame, is still underrated. Also, two things about that movie that give it more of a story. The first is that I think the original cut of the movie with Harrison Ford's narration is equally as compelling as the director's cut. It was, in part, a detective movie and the narration is a classic element of that. The second is that I had bumbled around for many years trying to find that haunting soundtrack by Vangelis. Apparently, it wasn't until 1994 that some contractual dispute was settled and it was finaly released. What movie of this ones calibre would allow that to happen in this day and age.
5|8145|One of Jim Carey's best. It mixes his ability to do a decent job of acting seriously, with his unmatched ability to be absolutely crazy. Good plot for a comedy.
5|12552|I know Jarheads, 'cause I are one. You could only get a more accurate picture of what the Corps is by picking my brain for a couple days or going to boot camp yourself!
5|23957|Actually, I really, really loved this one. A crucial part of the Genesis-Spock Trilogy (2, 3, 4). Lots of good drama and action and one of Horner's best scores.
5|3010|Great movie! I saw it in the theater and it was a wonderful experience, except for the strange guy sitting next to me, trying to make me sip from his Icee. . .anyway, it is a tense, well-written movie that keeps you guessing. Even when you know, really know, who the killer is, it's suspenseful and raw. Awesome movie. Definitely suggest it!
5|5461| If Cary Grant had turned out to be the agent after all, it wouldn't have been a Hitchcock film. That kind of twist came in later. Hitch was a master of storytelling and tension. I think the closest he comes to surprising us is in Vertigo , and that revelation isn't totally unexpected. 
5|10345|a great movie...gained new respect for Nicolson....it tugged at a lot of emotions....dealt with issues people my age face..
5|6140|No matter who they get to play Dracula,Bela Lugosi owns the franchise.And he knows it.
5|9273|It was a very funny movie I liked it alot
5|13664|One of the most unforgettable and beautiful films of the last generation. Vivid portrayals all around, and writing that brings the pain, poignancy and joy straight to your heart.
5|17402|Probably the best vampire movie ever, and high up there in the pantheon of my personal favorites. No actor has ever essayed a more terrifying, repellent vampire than Max Schreck. All vampire movies that have been produced in the decades since are just pallid imitations of this masterpiece. The passage of time has done nothing to minimize its chilling potency. Even the re-make by genius film-maker Werner Herzog couldn't measure up.
5|5449|Top notch film from the master of suspense. Excellent in every way. Wonderful production values and art direction. Great cast, terrific film. Beats just about everything made in the past 20 years. 
5|3986|Mary Poppins has everything: music, magic, suspense, and a happy ending. All ages can watch it and enjoy it together. It's practically perfect in every way. 
5|19349|This movie is a classic. When I was young I was sacred as hell of this movie. And now when I watch it, it is more humorous to me. I can watch it over and over.
5|7538|A classic comedy with a great cast. Eddie Murphy at his best!
1|19866|this was terrrible not scary or funny freddie sucks azz in this movie
5|6626|Very heartfelt - a tearjerker too. You really, really feel for Marty and his girl, even when he screws up from being so rusty. It never casts a dim light on women even though it's told from the man's perspective. Well, let me amend that - his mother and aunt are nuts, but other than that, this movie is a great character study that everyone will sympathize with.
5|9515|I like Jackie Chan movies. He makes some of the better martial arts movies out there. I loved the Las Vegas connection. The scene with the gay (whassa the word for high class clothing salesmen? - yeah thats the one) guys trying to get those two suited up properly was a scream! My wife lived in Las Vegas for years and caught all the 'local humor'- there are some levels of humor in this film that if you are in the know, are a scream! And, like all of Jackie's movies I think the outtakes alone are worth the price of admission! So Do my wife, so do our teen aged kids.
5|15567|If the earth still exists in a thousand years from now. Titanic will still be there. And probably the only one from this list. It's powerful! Too many things are shown in it. Far more than just the sinking tragedy
5|14679|Amazing movie, a must see experiance.
5|6632|Eli Wallach's debut in a sizzler with Carroll Baker directed by Elia Kazan.
5|13116|A movie that best retells the story of the situation involving hatred amongst diversity during the second World War. Although it is quite graphic with violence, there is no other way of educating people the art of history.
5|9501|funny as sh*t!
5|3992|This movie is the best movie ever! Its worth watching it!
1|15090|This movie however true it might be was way to depressing for me.
5|2454|This was simply a great movie. Brought out the former sailor in me and brought back memories of what its like to be at sea. If you want the full effect of the movie, see it on the big screen.
5|4025|I love this movie! So good. Best of the Pixar films so far. Mount Wannahawkaloogie is the best!
5|11067|Not too great of a comedy IMO, but it has some great messages about religion, homosexuality, and fitting in. I give it 5 stars because I am Christian but was not offended. It got me thinking, which is more than I can say about any other movie I've seen in my life.
1|13387|I've seen this ridiculous movie and it doesn't move me.It's boring.What does it mean?
5|2332|Both The Mummy and The Mummy Returns are fun films to watch.
5|17416|One of my favorites. A movie about what's really worthwhile in all our lives without ever getting preachy or heavy-handed. Really wonderful.
5|10379|definately a classic, brings me back to when I went to summer camp, except it was never like this movie...
5|6154|Very well done, an accurate portrayal of the life of George Patton.
1|10856|Jack Nicholson fans beware. This is a waste of money.
5|13670|Best movie of all time! Everyone who is a human should watch this mvoie! It's history, love, hate and victory all in one movie.
5|9267|Spaceballs is one of the funniest Mel Brooks movies out there. It is a personal favorite of mine and it's just as funny ever time I see it. I highly suggest this movie.
1|11590|Other than seeing that purty little Ashley Judd, in bikini panties, jumping 10 feet in the air, the movie was stankonian and about as funny as Jet Li delivering a stiff kick to my testicles.
5|15201|This movies portrays a quintesential role for Kevin Spacey as he plays a broken man seeking a new life and to mend his heart. It is a great story and the scenery they filmed in Newfoundland really captured imagination and the Old Salt characters really made this movie unique.
5|13843|Great movie!! I loved Kathy Bates character.Part of the film was done on location just ten miles from here. Our small part is a source of pride in this area.
1|3230|sucked, an insult to those real vets. Precision bombing in World War II? Please, those planes dumped their bombs and ran, people below be damned.
5|1808|Perfect performances by Douglas, Close and Anne Archer. Michael Douglas is an excellent actor, he always plays these characters where you don't know whether to root for him or hate him. My friend and I always talk about the fact why Dan would have an affair when his wife is gorgeous, sweet and the perfect woman. Close looks like a drag queen compared to her. But, hey, why does anyone have affairs? Awesome movie, though !!!
5|23758|A great german director, a high-class actor Jeff Goldblum , an d the award winner Volker Engel for special effects! Well, the story is typical Mars Attacks style. But for 154 minutes this film will entertain you! mark my words! 
1|12072|Foolish,ignorant and totally horrible.What was the budget on this film, 100k?How long did it take the writers to come up with this crap?
5|10392|This is one of my favorite comedies of all time. I love this movie. I love every Robin Hood Movie. He has been my hero since I was like 3 years old. Robin Hood is so cool.
5|18916|What a great movie! Such a brilliant and compelling plot.
5|21629|Yes, this movie, does in fact beat The Godfather (maybe not Godfather II, but definitely I. I will spare all the embarrsassment and deftly skip over the sack of skittles known as Godfather III). What plot thread jumps? My wife, who never read the books, thought it was the most intriguing and developed plot she had seen on film in years. Citizen Kane is the jumpy movie, if ever there was one. I agree with the first comments: LOTR is, in fact, better than The Godfather and Citizen Kane. Incidentally, it is better than Star Wars, also. The acting is more refined, the plot is deeper, and the relationships are more touching. While I'm throwing gas on a fire, I may as well add that LOTR is better than Raging Bull, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Sophie's Choice, Titanic, Gone With The Wind, The Wizard of Oz, The Bicycle Thief, Il Postino, Cinema Paradiso, and all three Die Hards. 
5|16085|Merchant Ivory does period (do they do anything else?) and they do it right, Howards End is a prime example. In Howards End we are transported back to a time when the flat was just becoming the norm in London and where people longed for big houses in the country to take them away from bustling city life. Who can forget the Christmas shopping scene, so lush with Victorian details what a magical set and what splendid costumes. I can't imagine that the period could be restored more realistically, or at least Merchant Ivory has created an image of that time for us that seems realistic and that's the key. The acting is wonderful, so great to see Helena Bonham Carter play a more empowered woman after our Merchant Ivory initiation to her as innocence personified in A Room with a View . Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson are also brilliant. If you like period films then this is one you'll love. I watch it over and over.
5|3979|A terrific movie about a magical nanny who takes the children she watches on wonderful adventures. Takes place in England in 1910. Dad is a banker who has no time for his kids. Mom is a suffragette who also has little time for Jane and Michael Mary Poppins arrives after the children write their own letter for a nanny.Julie Andrews is wonderful as Mary Poppins, so is Dick Van Dyke as Bert. my favorite part is when they jump through the pictures in the park. and they mix animation with live action.good songs too!
5|20537|The best IMAX film I've seen! Especially I liked the wind surfing/board sailing scenes! :-D
1|5127|Hated every moment of this movie. The daughter is the best of the show and she couldn't save it. Hope the stars of this movie can sleep at night. 3-D effect adds nothing to this movie.
5|14692|Okay, I admit I'm biased as a single mom of three kids who would like to think that someone like me could do something so amazing. But really, she was just working hard and stumbled upon something that, even if I were her, few could turn their back on. I liked this movie for some of the more subtle scenes that depict the heartache of a mother who must work to keep food on the table. The best scene was when she was in her car coming back from Hinkley late at night and heard about her baby's first word. Julia Roberts acted in that scene as any other mom whose heart was broken over missing such an important moment would. I cried with her. I tell any single person that doesn't seem to get what it is like for me to watch this movie. Those that took my advice come back and say that they had no idea what true juggling was. I don't agree with her outspoken way of behaving sometimes, but in all she is to be admired.
1|19641|LAME! Just another boring canister in which to shove a whole bunch of special effects. The original one was infinately better.
5|6801|One of the funniest movies i have ever seen. It was so cheaply made that it was even funnier.
5|22320|Amazing technology graphics. The dinosaurs look so rel. The script was also super. I actually lost myself in the movie and for a second believed that there were actually dinosuars alive.
5|8838|One of my all-time favorite movies! ALRIGHT, ALRIGHT, ALRIGHT!!!!!
5|22334|Christopher Reeve is the BEST SUPERMAN EVER! The ONLY person who really gave life to the character and made us believe that a man can fly.
5|15598|When I walked out of Titanic on Jan 2, 1998, I thought to myself that the world is much better off for its extistence. That it was going to be interesting to see how our culture reacted to a big, glamorous epic all about the value of an individual life (set against this horrible spectacle of mass death). Unfortunately, we soon learned that our President was using interns for sex while having phone conversations about sending boys to fight in Bosnia, then finishing himself off in the sink off the Oval Office, and this instead was the defining cultural moment of '98. Oh well, its still a great movie. That scene with the musicians playing a final song, as you see others saying their final goodbyes to the world in modest peace, its completely heart-wrenching. And Leo did a completely amazing job at pulling off a purely good character that doesn't get boring.
5|6815|very silly movie. its got alot of hilarious parts. you can give this movie a rent if you feel like seeing it. the part with the black knight was the best part.
5|16091| Do you hear that little 'bump, 'bump, 'bump? That's where the heart is . Great movie. Natalie Portman did a terrific job. She does a western accent wonderfully. I liked how James Frain (Forney) acted. Very sentimental and good movie. Sends out a good message.
5|438|I loved this movie! Not your typical action flick. The story line is well thought out and believable. If you like exciting movies that have heart, then you've got to see this one.
5|18902|This movie is very interesting because it is supposedly based on a real life situation, even though I'm not sure about the spooks haunting the house, but it was a good movie, keeping me on the edge of my couch. I gave this film a 5.
5|13857|Truly Martin Scorsese's masterpiece and a candidate for the greatest film of all-time!
5|22452|If not the best than at least one of the best Trek films. At least in this one they took an episode from the series and did some thing creative with it. I may like this one so much because the first one was so bad. Great casting and a superb story. Mr Montaban made the movie.
1|3224|I have to give this movie a terrible rating because it re-enforces sterotypes and the storyline makes no sense unless the point is that white men are more valuable than anyone else. All the South American Rebels are portrayed as trigger happy druggies, which justifies slitting their throats and setting up a battle for the gurrila group to get slaughtered by the army sponsered by corporate intrests, all so that the main charactor's husband can be rescued.
5|4794|When I was a child I never liked Stuart Little, but when I took my God daughter to see this movie, it seems so different. It looks very realistic.
1|13350|Everyone is going to hate me for saying this, but: I hate Speilberg's movies. He's cheap and he sold out to the Hollywood hype and formula. The only good movie he ever filmed was Jaws.
5|21173|Milos Forman directed this musical that was made and released at the wrong time (1979). It would have probably been a blockbuster if it were made during the time the film depicts. But it's still a great movie, and a fun musical. The performances are quite good, especially considering the leads (Treat Williams, Beverly D'Angelo, and John Savage) are not known as singers. The choreography by Twyla Tharp fits right in with the feel of the movie. And it's kinda fun to see Charlotte Rae (Mrs. Garrett from Facts of Life TV show) and Nell Carter (who belts out a couple of songs) in small cameos. 
1|17136|This movie made me hate Richard Gere even more. I could never see Winona fall in love with aperson like Richard. There was no cemistry.
5|6183|A wonderful movie. Stars today just don't have the glamour that Audrey conveyed. Wild, wacky, and touching. Definitely a movie to see when you're feeling blue or want to escape from the wild world of today back to a simpler era.
1|11547|Perhaps the origin of all of the stupid teen comedies of today. Full of sexual content and profanity. And, of course, the main characters are not role models at all. Instead of this mindless trash, I would love to see more movies with teenagers as positive role models!
5|23002|2001 is on of the most extraordinary films of all time especially if you see it profected on the big screen w/ good sound.
5|18094|Kathy Bates made this a masterpiece !
5|376|Gladiator is a great movie. It is probably one of the best action fighting movies ever made.
5|21601|This movie is a masterpiece, plain and simple. Very beautiful scenery and effects, and a well thought-out and well acted storyline. I also like how the movie doesn't have an actual chapter ending just like the book. The main ending will come at the end of the third one. It's kind of different from Star Wars where they would have an actual chapter ending at the end of each movie. It is also very detailed when it comes to every character(appearance and background), history, the world of role playing (or realm of RP. However you put it), and of course the book itself.. If you haven't seen it, GO SEE IT!!!!
1|2660|Unfortunately, the damn movie was still there after sixty seconds. It took over a hundred minutes for it to leave.
5|14862|Excellent movie. Everyone in America should see it. It spoke of the power created from a united effort, as one , and enjoying and making the best of the differences in people- not discounting them just because of color, religion, etc. It also showed how people can change, even the most die-hard rednecks of all colors can get beyond their prejudices, once they actually get to know a person. It was a powerful movie, full of hope! I think it should be shown at highschools and churches, as well as the theatres.
5|7289|gungalagungala
5|1820|this is one of my very favorite movies and im a big val kilmer fan. he played the role of doc holliday wonderfully. he actually got ready for the role by losing enough weight to resemble hollidays appearance that kilmer himself became ill during filming. in one scene where doc collapses in the saloon kilmer in fact had collapsed for real and almost was replaced
1|20956|this was the dumbest movie i have ever seen 
5|16913|I just saw this movie and I must say, while not perfect, it was excellent. I have noticed reviews in the politically correct media cut on this movie and rate it low because it shows the first two years of the American Civil War from the Confederate point of view. It is sad, and upsetting, to hear so-called critics hop on the race bandwagon because they think it will grant them brownie points from African-Americans. They try making the point that this film was biased toward the Southern point of view because it showed Rebel soldiers going off to war saying they were fighting for their homes and jobs, instead of slavery. Now, as a professional historian, I would ask these same critics to use a little common sense. After deep, unbiased thought, does one really think that millions of Southern soldiers fought for, and 250,000 died, defending slavery. Most of these soldiers were poor farm boys who were little better than slaves themselves. While I would agree that many of the leaders of the Confederacy were planters and slave holders and led the South into the war for that reason, the majority of the soldiery fought because they were invaded. That is fact. This was basically a movie about Stonewall Jackson, a facinating man and an oustanding, hard hitting warrior. His life, along with Lee's and the Army of Northern Virginia is a terrific story that needs to be told to today's race paranoid populace. They need to understand the point of view of many of the Southern soldiers. It's a big part of our countries history. Modern America needs to learn more about the excellent campaigns that were fought by Lee and Jackson in 1862 and 1863, when they were the terrors of the Union. Apparently, even our most learned critics need reminding.
5|4780|Very good movie. Very cute. I love adorable movies. I am such a sucker for them. And Stuart Little has got to be one of the most adorable movies I have ever seen.
5|21167|A snapshot of the Summer of Love, the idealism and excess of the hippies, the rigidness of the rich, the terror of war. One of the most enduring things about this film is the way it portrays how the freedom from social ethics of the hippies brings joy and passion, but also has a shadow side. Also, the lyrics push limits even by todays standards and the vocal parts and harmonys are still some of the best today.
5|22309|The best movie of it's kind! Can't wait to see JP 3 this July 18th, 2001.
5|6828|A classic. The funniest movie ever. With the Black Knight, The Killer Rabbit, and the Holy Hand Grenade, this is the funniest movie ever. The best part has to be the French guy. I FART IN YOUR GENERAL DIRECTION. This is my favorite movie, at least, I think so!
5|14863|Good movie, I could watch it with my family and freinds. Something new now days.
5|18081|One of Stephen King's best translations to screen ever. I don't generally care for his movies, especially the miniseries. However, this is a true gem. Kathy Bates is terrifyingly real in her portrayal of a psychopath, and Kahn excellently portrays the emotions of a man caught in a helpless and evidently hopeless situation. This movie doesn't contain large amounts of blood or gore, but has a very realistic and believable quality. It definitely makes my A list.
5|3950|By far one of the best DIsney movies there is. I've also seen the stage version 5 times and still get teary eyed at the end of it.
5|21600|The best movie in the world.
5|21166|I absolutely LOVE this movie. Treat Williams was definitely the star of the show. The soundtrack is excellent. I love when he dances on the table and sings I Got Life. I've been watching this movie ever since I was little. To my fathers horror I used to sing some of the racier songs out loud (I had no idea what those words meant). Berger is a great character, and I never fail to cry at the end every time.
5|4959|I love the Free Willy movies. I love whales, and these movies are great!
1|9052|This movie isn't worth watching if someone gave you the DVD free..assuming it is on DVD already...do not waste your money on this...it is just another idiotic Chris Farley nightmare...
1|21491|soooo silly, sooooo cheesy, plus it looks sooooo dated now, but i will admit, the special effects are awsome, especially 4 it's time, but F/X does not compensate for a SILLY movie with grade Z acting.
5|6196|Tough to choose. Contains the greatest silliloque every written. Kubrick's finest film
5|1821|Kilmer's best performance, Doc made the movie. Great showdowns; Doc and Ringo, the madcap and Wyatt, cowboys and Wyatt!
1|10880|A dumb-ass movie, appealing to dumb-asses. About as funny as a rubber crutch.
5|6182|I am a huge Audrey fan.
5|411|Russell's best so far! The quick cuts in the action scenes were masterfully done.
5|377|The best action movie of all time. Far better than most action movies.
5|18095|One of the RARE instances when a movie is actually better than the novel. Kathy Bates is phenominal in this movie, as she is in all movies, and I was truly surprised it all worked so well.
5|3944|One of the best disney movies ever. great story, great characters, and even some great songs. This movie was the first animated movie ever to be nomimated for best picture. HIGHLY recommended
5|21614|Wow, what a cinematic triumph and what an artistic marvel ! Such great footage, close-ups and the make-up, unbelievable ! Especially Frodo with his cute nose ! No wonder this masterpiece of the big screen claimed all those prestigious awards at the Oscars. The customs and dialogue were so inspiring to me that, even though I've read the book dozens of times already, I've had to go back and read some passages all over again (even if I can't take magic mushrooms at the same time anymore). I think my all-time favorite part of the story is when the cave troll chases Frodo around the rock. I only wish we could see that magnificient creature in Two Towers (maybe if he turns into Treebeard, after first being crazed by the supernatural whispers of the ring ?). Another truly classic episode is when the bridge of Khazad-dum collapses over and over again. There, the movie really captured the essence of Tolkien's epic text. I will admit that one thing which did bug me a bit about the book was all the poetry. Just too long-winded and confusing, especially the poems about kings being recrowned and broken blades renewed. They were unnecessary to the plot of the story, and Peter Jackson really showed his genius in editing them out. 
1|18562|Extremely dissapointing movie. I had heard lots of hype about this film and decided to rent it. Boy was i dissapointed. There is little horror in it, and even less suspense. If you are looking for a scare forget this piece of fluff.
5|14877|Great acting by everyone in the cast made this highly believable and understandable.
1|11220|I hated this movie. I hated even more the fact I spent $16 for my boyfriend and I to see it in the theater. The first half of the movie may be somewhat tolerable, if at all. That's when all the funny things happen between Hudson and McConaughy. The last half is absolutely atrocious, when you are just sitting there waiting for the stupid characters to find out whats going on and continue with the overplayed Hollywood ending. When are movie makers going to realize that if they are going to make a movie with an obvious ending that they at least need to make it somehow different and entertaining and give us characters we actually care about???
5|23003|Wow, what a powerful movie! The music still gives me chills.
5|20522|The first IMAX I ever saw and I was just completely mesmerized by the experience. I wonder why all movies aren't made this way. The scenery was amazing- we only learned about Antarctica in books, and only briefly. I was able to experience 1st hand what it really looked like, and it completely changed my view. The movie showed us the penguins that hopped around in their natural habitat instead of in a zoo. We got to see the polar bears playing around with the fish. It was truly picturesque. Gives you a much better sense of that icy continent.
5|6814|a fantastic movie whose humour is still relevant to this day. Some of the greatest lines and characters in comedic history. You can't mention this movie in public without someone quoting a part of the movie. The best movie that ever survived a french taunting!
5|14687|This movie is in my top 10 greatest movies of all time. I loved the drama this movie had ! The ending made me feel great, too. Erin is definately someone to look up to in this world. There are so few like her left anymore. This movie was also the first movie made by Julia Roberts that was good. I never thought that day would come.
1|3225|This film should have been subtitled No minorities were injured in the making of this film. The movie almost brings up real issues (oil companies and dams and corporate America), but then quickly turns back to the cheesy romance and good guy/bad guy senario. Funny how the bad guy is the South American revolutionary and the good guy is the rich white American male. And somehow they manage to blame it all on drugs. Obviously those minorities only want to hold people ransom and attack the oil project so they can protect their cocaine crop. And somehow they manage to make it be okay to go shoot the minorities if they are saving a couple of white guys. Talk about cultural insensitivity and racism. The movie simply enforced age-old stereotypes.
5|22453|After Star treks version of fantasia in the first movie the enterprise returns with a bang for the greatest kickass federation classic of all time.
1|14416|Very disappointing - and what happened to the ending - did they run out of money???
5|10387|This film will be studied in years to come. The subtlties pay re-watching it.
1|1432|This made no sense whatsoever. At least the book it's based on is worse.
1|15708|Oh my god! This movie sucked so bad
5|4971|I loved everything about this movie. The animation, the character, and the storyline was great. Even though I thought it closely resembled the movie, The Land Before Time, in its storyline. I thought the uniqueness of putting cartoon, computer, and movie animation together was awesome.
5|23759|The F/X in this movie are great and the plot is interesting if not original. The cast is perfect, I am not a huge fan of Jeff Goldblum but he did a good job in this as did Will Smith. If you have not seen this movie, what planet have you been on?
5|23981|One of the first Sci Fi movies I have ever seen. It made me the sci fi fan that I am.
5|8193|This movie falls into the -so gross it's funny- category. Because from beggining to end it was filled with moments that would shock your average viewer. Loads of crude humor that would delight the most deranged people. NOT your typical love story.
5|1809|A must-see for all men whom have a wondering eye! Glenn Close is phenominal.
5|12584|The best movie I've seen all year. After losing my Mom last year and these being the first holidays without her, this movie made me laugh. It's an A+ in my book. Bah Hum Bug to those that don't like it.
5|6800|Hilarious and nonstop fun in this one with the colorful and ingenius British humor. One of my favorite parts is when Arthur talks to a group of mud piling peasants forming a socialist collective. And who could ever forget the classic 'horse riding'?
5|24750|Great stuff.......
5|14693|Erin Brockovich is an adaptation of a real story. For those people who know about the real case, it's a pretty good adaptation. Believe it or not, the movie is tamer than the truth. Yes, the real EB dresses like a whore. Not the way Julia Roberts dressed in the movie, but 10 times more revealing and she's open about it. Yes, the real EB has a gutter mouth. That's the way she talks and she's open about it. And when you're talking about this movie, don't forget the marvelous job that Albert Finney did as the crotchety Ed Masry. Unless you're predisposed to hate Julia Roberts, it's a must see.
1|12715|This whole fake documentary was all made up by Michael Moore. Check out this website! bowlingfortruth.com
5|3978|classic
5|21628|Taking the risk of making someone angry, i have to say that i prefer the movie to the book - maybe because i saw the movie first- but i thought that the book was a bit boring. i have finally read all 3 books and have to say that my favourite is the last one. As for the the fellowship of the ring - movie, i really liked it. the cast, the location ( new zealand is amazing!), the adaptation of the story - it s very good, pure magic and entertainment. 
5|2455|Another fantastic movie
5|3993|This was a great movie i can sit through a movie like this!
5|13117|Touching, very truthful, and wonderfully played by all actors. A hard movie to watch because of the deep feelings it arises, yet a definite must see. I especially liked the idea of depicting some Germans as at least as humane and compassionate as Jews were.
5|9500|I love South Park and I love this movie yet I am a conservative. And I'm not a race-hating warmonger. I believe that in the movie it was Clinton who declared war and Kyle's ultraliberal Barbara Streisand-loving mother who spearheaded the whole thing. The main underlying theme of this movie is about how parents who don't wanna take responsibility for their own kids need to stop bitchin at all the environmental factors and take some time to talk to their kids about right and wrong in calm and sensical terms... instead of teaching them hateful intolerance toward people they disagree with. Matt and Trey have made it clear with South Park over the years that they are not anti-conservatives. In fact when you watch the show you can pick up many of their often conservative values about issues like abortion, parenting ethics, and not the least the persistance of ultraliberals who seek to force their beliefs and values on all moderates and others. They unlike some of their fans are not intolerant and hateful of conservatives.
5|6633|Possibly the best "western" ever made.
1|21334|Mariah as an actress?! You've got to be s*****n' me!!!
5|14678|This movie was a fantastic adaptation of Edith Wharton's novel. House of Mirth skillfully portrays a young woman in late 19th century New York society who makes a few dumb mistakes, and is harshly punished for them. Gillian Anderson and Eric Stoltz were marvelous in the leading roles, and should have been at least been nominated for Oscars. But if you're looking for a movie that will make you feel good movie don't rent this one. House of Mirth will break your heart.
1|19873|Enough stupid halloween movies.
5|8178|franks and beans!!! 
5|13671|This is my favorite movie! The story is warm and inspiring. I loved the different stages in the characters lives. I also loved the way it ended. The music was also good.
5|6155|I was stunned to see this movie was not listed in the classics section when I first started using rateitall. No list of movie classics is complete without including this marvelous film. George C Scott gives a virtuoso performance. His skill and depth in this role is equalled by very few in movie history. I cannot say enough about how great the acting was in this movie from top to bottom. I believe this is one the greatest films ever made! The acting alone should garner it a 4 from every rater. Action, drama, humor, sadness... this movie had it all. From the opening sequence with him standing in front of the red, white, and blue to the glorious final scenes. A masterpiece of acting and filmmaking. Scotts portrayal of Patton is certainly studied in many schools of the arts not only for his acting but for its history. They just don't make movies like this very often and in modern times it is even rarer to see a movie of equal quality.
5|17417|This is a brilliant movie, both in direction and artistic value. It shows how art can be the ultimate gift of oneself and how art knows no boundaries - culturally, religiously or socially.
5|18724|What an excellent movie! I don't think I would classify it as horror, but the costumes, acting, and music were fantastic. I even have the t-shirt. I highly recommend this movie for any vampire afficianado.
5|5448|Cary Grant clambering over Mount Rushmore! This is one of the great Hitchcock presentations. Watch for the little kid covering his ears at the shooting scene in the restaurant at Mount Rushmore. The scene had gone through sevaral takes and the little kid knew when the gunfire was to start. I wonder why the lemmings don't try to re-make this masterpiece?
5|17403|Max Schreck portrays the creepiest character to ever grace the screen.
5|2327|What a great, fun, ride this was. Nonstop action, comedy and effects, mixed with a scary, but fun story line.
1|9085|Pretty boring, unfunny and contrived, you mean.
5|11072|Warning: Not for young audiences; may be offensive to some due to content. Anyway: This movie is about a young girl named Mary and her senior year in her Christian high school. She loves her life, has the perfect Christian friends, and a perfect Christian boyfriend . . . at least she thinks so, until he tells her: I think I'm gay. Ouch. She goes through drastic measures to try to save him, and suddenly she realizes how imperfect her perfect Christian life really is. This movie does go into a lot of issues which may be considered offensive, but it passes very strong messages about tolerance, understanding and true friendship. Extremely funny.
5|9272|This was a good flick.Man how I miss John Candy, what a loss!
5|13665|A movie that I could watch over and over and over. I loved Oprah in this. Whoopi was excellent as was Danny Glover. A real life picture from the african american view in the early 1900's.
1|21446|very BAD!!!!
5|6141|Lugosi will forever be Dracula in millions of people's minds, and this is an excellent film. Honestly, though, I prefer the Gary Oldman-Wynona Ryder version of the early 90's over this one.
5|9514|my second best comedy film chan is the man but not without Chris tucker he gives the movie it's comedy.
5|13103|When I first saw this movie, not only did it bring tears to my eyes, but it made me think about life in a totally different way. It is the perfect film about the holocaust. Liam Neeson is excellent in this film and Ralph Fiennes is also excellent while he portrays a very strange and sadistic character. This movie at times didn't even seem like a movie, more like you, yourself experiencing these scenes in life.
1|19867|Yea, this is after Freddy became a cartoon of his former scarier self. This sequel though, introduces the new way Freddy takes kids out! Unlike part one - 3 where if you kill someone in a dream they die that same way in real life (Tina in part one getting her stomach torn open and thrown all over the room) part four now introduces this way of killing people where if you do in dream land they either have an asthma attack or pass out into a coma! Really slack movie. All the characters left from part three die in this one. Gofigure.
5|4030|awesome film for all ages.....
5|17365|One of the all time greats! THE BICYCLE THIEF is a film you simply cannot help but enjoy, even if you're afraid of subtitles. The visuals are poignant, poetic and touching. The picture is also one of neorealism's crowning achievements (and certainly DeSica's finest work). Anything less than 5 stars would be a sin.
5|18056|Real Horror,especially since this is the type of situation that really COULD happen.Kathy Bates is brilliant as an insane and obsessed fan from hell in this well made film.It is also noteworthy for the role-reversal of the usual psyhco/victim genders.
1|22629|X-Men seemes like a promising movie. My favorite Wolverine failed to meet the standard. Special effects were pretty cool but overall the story didn't go anywhere. Action is low and the plot is an absolute disaster.
5|3987|This movie is awesome. The animation is amazing and it has great morals for kids along with humor and stimulating colors. The only negative aspect to this movie is how many times you'll end up having to watch it over and over and over if you have kids. It gets a lot less funny after 35 times in one month.
5|14644|I'm a dancer of 9 years and I have never seen such excellent dancing in a movie. I LOVED it.
1|2846|poop
1|20016|The Final Friday is an atrocity. Jason is hardly in it, and the whole only a Vorhees and can kill a Vorhees plot is stupid. Mama Vorhees was killed by an outsider. The only saving graces are Tony the Wonder Llama and the cameo of Freddy's glove. Roll on Freddy Vs. Jason!
5|7511|I enjoy the music in this movie as much, if not more, than the comedy in it (which is a bit too subtle at points, not counting the mall scene.)
5|8622|It is the coolest!
1|18589|One of the WORST movies I have EVER seen in my LIFE! o stars!
5|12235|I guess once again I'm in the minority here. Tomcats had me in stitches. It's one of the raunchiest comedies I've ever seen.
5|4018|Truly enjoyed
5|19360|Hip, Funny, and SCARY sequel to the first. Believable performances, good soundtrack, and great direction ideas make this a worth while film. Starts out with a BANG (killing Jada Pinkett-Smith was hillarious...she did a really good job), and IS all the way through. Another great ScArY scene was with Sarah Michelle Gellar (she always seems to make the best out of her pretty blonde girl with a large boosum roles) running through her deserted serority house, only to be thrown off the roof...damn!
5|21827|Exelent. A very good free version of the origial. Sometimes I got stucked because I didn`t expect it to be such a different version, but Peter Jackson did an exelent job, and so did all the actors and actress. I can`t wait to see the third one!
5|10344|Kathy Bates stole the show. Great acting and deserves a definite 5.
5|5460|My favorite Hitchcock movie, because it packs so much suspense and fun into one movie.
5|7277|Funniest golf movie ever. Sorry Happy Gilmore.
5|8144|Really great acting and a wonderful story to it plus it will surely give you a ton of laughs!! How can you go wrong with Jim Carrey??? You can NOT! 
5|12553|Great inside look at a soldier's life and dramatic view of what many endure. I felt like this was a honest look into daily life and not some glorified movie of war. This is was 'real'.
5|22490|An absolute masterpiece. In my opinion, the finest movie ever made. Some have complained that it is slow, but with the jaw dropping visuals, I strongly disagree. The scene where Rachel is being quizzed by Deckart has got to be one of the most sensitively filmed scenes in the history of cinema. Incidentally, when this movie came out in the early 1980's, it absolutely bombed. I think this is a testament, perhaps, on how far we have come as a society of movie lovers. The movie takes a pretty high level of concentration and I feel it was way too subtle for the audiences of the 80's generation. It has since experienced phenomenal rental revenue. The DVD is available now as well. Enjoy...
5|13895|Rocky is a symbol of underpriviledged America rising up from the depths to overcome all odds and be a champion. Although Rocky doesn't win the fight, he truly is the victor. I've seen this movie over twenty times and I still love it.
5|6169|What an awesome Screwball Comedy. I watched this film for the first time in film class last semester in school. This movie gave me the revelation that not all old, black and white films are worthless. The witty dialogue, which is fired off like rapid gun fire, is incredibly acted!
5|7263|Bill Murray and Rodney Dangerfield made this movie great. They stole the show right out from under Chevy Chase. How can you not love a golf movie with a belly dancing gopher???
5|22484|Imaginative and realistic, although sometimes slow. Hands down the greatest sci-fi movie ever made.
5|15228|fun movie. Kids can watch.
5|13881|Great
5|10350|Is there really anything better than watching Jack Nicholson and Kathy Bates in the same movie???
5|5474|I don't like prison films, but I made an exception for this one starring William Holden and others. The scene where Otto Preminger puts on his cavalry boots to take the telephone call from Berlin is priceless! This flick still has some of that old thirties film noir flair.
5|3005|Really loved this one. great roles for both pacino and williams
5|16047|This movie was excellent. I loved every minute of it. The characters could actually play basketball which made it even more realistic. This movie is a tearjerker for girls - I cried twice, but it was worth it.
5|388|This is the surprise summer hit. I saw this movie two times and I'm gonna' get it on DVD. This movie made Russell Crowe my favorite actor.
5|5312|Judy Garland makes this movie exceptional with her excellent voice. I love it when the Witch of the West dies.
1|19683|WTH...are they kidding?? Stupid sequel, to an even stupider movie. So many unanswered questions, so many who cares!!
5|14888|not noramlly my style but i loved it!
5|12221|This was so entertaining and i think the Wayne's and everyone else in it and everyone else who worked on it, did an amazing job! Congratulations to those people! You must see it if you haven't already!!
5|23573|More of an action film than sci-fi, but still fun to watch! Update: There is a DVD (both special edition and regular) out there, just thought that PBeavr would like to know, hope that it helps!
5|12976|Great movie, a must see.
1|14628|A overrated pile of rubbish. Unbelievable story. Manipulative. Bad Boston accents. As for Sean Penn, see 21 Grams for a better, richer performance. As for Tim Robbins, his performance in Jacob's Ladder runs circles around this. As for Kevin Bacon....(don't ask). 
5|21364|this movie is.........................................................................................................................................................
5|5845|Orson Welles is the reason this movie is so great. It is a dark, dismal, and tragic movie, but tells the story of the rise and fall from power masterfully. It signifies that no matter who a man is in life, society will pick him apart when he is dead if only to put itself upon a higher pedestal, and the more eccentric the man, the better. The story obviously portray's William Randolph Hearst, and a tour through his 'castle' bears out the fact. The 'critics' (those who are PAID to rate movies, rate it the best of al time.
5|10807|The final movie from Jay and Bob is an appropriate ending to their chuckleheaded adventures.
5|161|One of my all-time favorites! How can this not be at the top of this list?
5|7934|one of the best bill murray is a good actor and harold ramis is a good director
5|23201|Frequency was a very hard movie to follow, but if followed, the movie was very interesting and had great effects.
5|19189|Dope gore with a good plot. Every movie in the story is great. Who doesn't love Clive Barker? See this movie and see all four. Bloodline is the best.
5|21416|Showed the world what special effects were all about.Way ahead of it's time back in 1977.Unforgetable,in a word.
5|2858|I loved this movie
5|175|Gibson is God. Awesome movie. the fighting rules 
5|20708|This was one of the respectable musical that I have seen. It incorporated joy, sorrow, freedom, and Love.
5|613|It was a very tricky movie. The end made it hard to know who did what. Who the hell was Keyser Soze?
5|5851|A beautifully filmed glimpse into the life of Hearst, the man with the plan but no love. Lost in a big castle with hollowness and fading resolve we search for a meaning, but it fades in flames.
5|6380|Roman Holiday is a harmless classic on the verge of being classified a comedy. It is the story of a princess who, unhappy with her present life, decides to try out the rest of the world. An excellent entertainer!
5|23567|A movie that should have inspired the drdge in Washington to actually make an island prison to save us all from repeat offenders. Alas, they could not get the picture. Oh well, the movie was great anyway! Kurt Russell proved he was more than the kid from the Disney movies in this picture. Donald Pleasance (the professor from Halloween) as the pres was good. I got a real kick out of Russell's character. Dark and comic at the same time. Rent it, own it, love it.
5|12962|This is a movie to watch with an open mind and heart because you evolve with the main character. You're on a journey with him and it's one you'll never forget. One of the best films I've ever seen.
1|12265|Marrying Drew Barrymore did not help his movie career. 
5|10185|Love it! Uh.... I can't play tennis, coach, because my plastic surgeon tells me I shouldn't have balls flying at my face. There goes her social life. Ha! 
5|17832|HERE'S JOHNNY!! Now this movie excels beyond all other horror movies. This is a classic. Jack Nicholson is a great actor who can play many different roles. He was great in this movie from start to finish. At first it seemed that he was just a typical father, yet he changed so cleverly and quickly into a raging axe murderer, trying to redrum...I mean trying to murder his wife and son. Don't mess with Jack cause all work and no play makes him a dull boy!
5|5879|This is by far the Greatest movie of all time and David Leans best film. A biography of the enigmatic T.E. Lawrence the desert loving Englishman who united arab tribes in the battle against the Ottoman turks during WW1. At the center of Leans sun-drenched, 70mm canvas is young Peter O'toole (Lawrence) in his Debut movie. All the actors gave great performances, especially Peter O'toole, Omar Sharif and Anthony Quinn gave his best performance in this movie. Freddie Youngs cinematography was spectacular, making it seem as if the desert was alive. The most striking scene in the film is when Sharif Ali (Omar Sharif) is introduced as a tiny dot on the desert horizon that steadily enlarges as he gets closer. This film has to be watched in widescreen. The directors cut version of the film is much much better than the edited version.
5|8385|This is a great movie! All the main characters are interesting. Everyone who watches it can identify with someone in the story. It is very funny and almost seems like a parody of what high school was really like for me.
5|22889|Never a dull moment. I WANT TO BE A MUTANT!
1|19456|OMG Horrible!! Horrible!! I thought it was incredibly stupid and my friends and I must of rolled our eyes and laughed through the whole thing. Well at least I did. 
1|18748|It seems this is the movie that started the trend of using gore as a cheap way to create shock. The horror genre has never been the same since. Thanks.
5|22137|So Keanu did a stellar job (yeah, sure), but he comes in second to Lawrence Fishburne's Morpheus, who displays fabulous master skills and great lines. Add in the effects and you've got a five.
5|16292|The Passion explicitly showed the suffering Christ withstood for the sins of man (if you are a believing Christian). The movie is gripping and phenomenally done. I have no idea what Chatholic teaching is but Catholic teaching is such that all mankind bears the burden of His death and at no time does this movie mention Jews whatsoever nor does it attempt to guilt Jews into being Christians (which there are many sects only one being Catholic). The hype is that it's anti-semetic.
1|13609|If only there were a lower rating than 1 on RateItAll. This movie may have held your attention -- but more out of curiosity for how much worse it would get. I'm certain loving this movie must be a reflection of something very dark within you.
5|2864|This movie was an action-packed film that kept me interested throughout.Halle Berry was cool and so was Pierce Brosnan(who happens to be as smooth as ever and a womanizer).I agree with the opinionater down below who said Madonna's drab theme music was bad.I personally think they should stick with the orchestras.
5|20734|In case there's someone who doesn't know: this is an audience participation movie. One time I went and a couple 9th row or so apparently did not know this, because with rice, water guns and hot dogs flying they kept standing up and protesting and finally walked out. Can be a lot of fun with the right audience.
1|19442|i hated this movie. the ending sucked and to me it didnt make a whole lot of sense but thats my opinion. my kids liked it.
5|9931|I liked this movie because it was hella funny. It managed to make fun of or incorporate all the scary movies and put it in one. It was also cool because all the funny stuff was totally unexpected.
1|10466|Trash. This type of stuff is what rots away the moral fiber of our youth. Trust me. It makes the partying stupid guy who doesn't take college seriously look like a king and the kid who actually listens to his parents look like a huge geek. I didn't like it at all.
5|12786|Michael Moores film Fahrenheit 9/11 gives his left leaning slant on the Bush Adminstration and 9/11, just as Rush and OReilly and Hannity, etc., give their right leaning slant on those topics every day on the radio and TV. I think Moores slant is closer to the truth. There is no doubt in my mind that Bush has screwed us up royally. I cannot remember a time in which there was so much animosity toward America around the globe. Do you know that the day after 9/11 there were candlelight vigils being held in Iran in sorrow and respect for our tragedy? We had the whole world behind us, even after we went into Afghanistan, an action that most Americans, myself included, felt was justifiable and appropriate. The war in Iraq turned all of that good will into hatred. It has alienated former allies. It has divided our nation. It has taken the lives of hundreds of fine American servicemen and women. It has also ruined the lives of thousands of others who have been maimed, both physically and psychologically. It has also taken the lives of thousands of innocent Iraqi civilians. The financial cost of the war is tremendous and will certainly have lasting implications for our economy. And what is the big reward for our efforts? The removal from power of a murderous tyrant whom had already been so marginalized by the Gulf War that he posed no real threat to us or our allies. And the Iraqi people are so grateful for our intervention on their behalf that they are attempting to kill our soldiers every chance they get. Fahrenheit 9/11 put a spotlight on certain issues which have been rather puzzling to me, such as, why the delayed and seemingly half-hearted attempt at capturing Osama Bin Laden? Why did we shift our focus from Al Qaeda, the extremist Muslim organization responsible for the 9/11 attack, to Iraq, a secular state with virtually no ties to Bin Laden or Al Qaeda? Moores film might have you believe that the answer to those questions could be big money and power. I dont know that I ascribe to all of the conspiracy theories surrounding the relationships between the Bush Administration and the Saudis, or the role of large American corporations in the rebuilding of Iraq and its prized oil reserves, but I can tell you it all looks and smells very bad. If that sounds cynical, let me just remind you of the corrupting role that big money and power played in the recent implosion of our friends at Enron. In my opinion, this war has become a national tragedy for which the Bush Administration must be voted out of office. If Mr. Moores film helps accomplish this goal, than he is a hero in my estimation.
5|8391|A classic! This movie is so funny, and had so many future big stars in it. Sean Penn is so great, all I have to say is that the bagel in the pants rocked!
1|12271|Why even have this on the list. It's a zero!
5|17826|Best horror movie EVER! Still creeps me out and I've seen it a hundred times.
5|5886|One of my all time favorites. The lead actor did wonderfully and I loved the philosophical points made throughout the movie.
5|18526|Wes Craven's Scream brought about a much needed horror movie revolution. It was definitely not the typical slasher flick. The characters were unique, especially the movie buff guy. His comments poked fun at horror movies. The combination of gore, sly remarks, and popular actors and actresses made this movie a success.
5|2131|If you don't give Dirty Harry 5 stars, then you are probably from France. The definitive movie in the pantheon of Clint Eastwood movies. Do you feel lucky? Well, do you punk? 
5|22876|i like it. very entertaining
5|6357|Not one of my all-time favorites, it is an acting powerhouse. You do feel for Brando with the whole I coulda been a contendah angst. Another movie, like High Noon, where the loner tries to fix a broken community. The first time you watch it it will be hard to turn it off.
5|9064|this should be at the top of the list for funny!
5|15002|My favorite movie of the year. It was a bit long, but I really liked it. It's the kind of movie you want to buy on video or DVD. I just got mine! Watch this movie; you won't regret it.
5|7049|One of those movies which you could watch over and over again...
5|13315|I don't know if I give this drama a rating of five stars in honor of Siskel and Ebert or in honor of my Government teacher, Mr. Berry, who would give it two thumbs down for its ability to evoke memories he'd rather supress. So five stars for its excellent effects, its emotional draw, its sense of reality, but five stars backwards from the ex-Vietnam solider who couldn't sit through the entire thing without gagging. So real was the stench of death drifting back into his nostrils. Five stars for the power of the film making.
5|18240|great simply great 
5|20907|loved it!!! the end was sooooo sad though.
1|23721|I loved the first movie, but this movie . . . oh, man, they could have done so much with this, but it seems they chose not to! In the first movie, they handled the CG and special effects beautifully, but in this one, it seemed they slacked off quite a bit (not that I can do better, but that Scorpion at the end was mind-numbingly HORRIBLE!). And the zepplin . . . oh, that was a bad idea. And, since sais originate from the 1600's in Okinawa as a farming tool, it's kind of hard to accept that ancient Egypt possessed these things as weapons back then! Doing the face-in-the-sand thing in the first movie was kinda cool. Doing the face-in-the-water thing in this one was repetative. And, for the Rock fans--he's only in it for all of maybe two minutes, one of which is spent in a horrible CG replication of him. You'd be better off seeing Scorpion King if you want to see him. Altogether, if you want to watch it, by all means do so . . . just know that you've been warned!
5|2643|GREAT FILM - DOES NOT NEED A RE-MAKE. RUTGER HAUER AT HIS BEST!!! 
5|16279|Wonderful, vivid, and heart-wrenching. It's a lot better than George Stevens' "The Greatest Story Ever Told."
5|11516|hilarious.....this is a masterpiece of comedy.....loved the first movie....and loved the second
5|4232|This movie kicked butt!!!! This is the all time best children/adult movie I have ever seen!! I can't wait to buy the DVD.
5|20913|This was a GREAT film easy to watch great ctors starring in it EWAN MCGREGOR and JIM BROADBANK particularly i like Baz Lurmans other films they have a similar style Romeo and Julliet is very good. great director. great actors. great visual effects. great film.
1|17490|hi im a friend of kemaya lal kedwai who played the lil girl i dont remem ber her name in the movie i think the movie was terrible.it was a complete in sult to bollywood movies a typical flop.
5|8408|Who doesn't love Leslie Nielson?
1|16956|Oh, you've GOT to be kidding me. Why can't we have a minimum age requirement on the web?!
1|3972|This was a really annoying movie *just a spoonful of sugar* ugh.
5|6425|The first time I saw this movie, I laughed so hard that my ribs ached for three days. The studio insisted on the romantic subplot, but you sort of need the interludes to catch your breath. In the end, the boys' anarchy prevails. The stateroom scene must be the funniest single scene in the history of the movies.
5|22862|Awesomely great sequel, surpassing the first. The cast is incredible, packed with great actors like Patrick Stewart, Ian Mackallen, Famke Janseen and Halle Berry. The special effects are incredible, making the great action sequences even better. The dialogue is great. And, there are even some good touches of humor. The ending was also very cool. Great movie!
5|9070|I'm a huge fan of this movie (not physically huge like Chris Farley, but you know what I mean, right?). There's a 15 minute stretch in the middle of it, winding up with Farley/Spade crying while singing along to Superstar (by the Carpenters), which is as good as any comedy I can think of. Chris Farley will definitely be missed.
5|808|I was fooled till the end. I hated it until the end when I finally got it. Awesome movie!
5|4554|With every new release from Pixar, I have higher expectations. Incredibly (ha ha), they hit the mark every time. Not only did Pixar improve on their human characters (not their strongest in the past), they have more personality and expression than most actors out there. I'm not exaggerating. I was enthralled by every bit of the movie. The chracters were very well-developed and the writing, as usual, was priceless - whether it be through dialogue or simply the situations the characters get themselves into. The story was, again, the best part of the movie but that's what Pixar's all about. That's what I love about that studio. Story first. Eye candy second. And let me just say there is a hell of a lot of eye candy. On top of a great story with more-than-believable characters, the graphics and sound floored me. I caught myself a few times with my mouth gaping open in sheer awe of what I was witnessing. From the explosions, fast camera action, and scenery to the character animation, ocean water and wet hair, you will be amazed. If anyone doesn't see this movie in the theaters, it would be an incredible shame.
5|2125|An excellent movie about Clint Eastwood taking the law in his hands, weeding out the scumbags of society, and making the streets of San Francisco safer
5|18532|Scream is an outstanding horror movie with a surprise ending. Personally, I feel Scream is the best movie out of its trilogy. Scream has scary moments that jump out at you unexpectedly.
5|9058|hilliarous
5|7075|Gene Wilder as Dr. Frankenstien is almost perfect casting. Marty Feldman did a terrific job as Igor. Cloris Leachman did a wonderful job as the Maidservant Frau Buchler (did I just hear a horse whinney??). This movie was funny when it was first released, and it has aged well. There are literally hundreds of tiny jokes you miss the first time you watch, but catch with each successive showing. Defintly five stars!!!!!
5|17629|French genius in every frame. Magnifique!
5|5104|Great
5|3575|A masterful narrative that provides a clearer historical understanding of the establishment of the CH'ING dynasty that the movie 'Hero' attempted to make entertaining, to lesser cinematographic success.
5|19162|wooooo such a great movie i will keep this forever
5|8420|Meet the fockers was a great movie. It kept the whole theater, and not just myself laughing for its entirety. And it definitely passed the test of a great comedy movie, which is the repeating of lines after the movie is over.
1|3782|Best career move for Vin Diesal; not being in a pointless sequel. Thge cars took center stage as usual because the plot was horrible. When you have a movie with Ludicris and Tyrese, what would you expect? 
1|20214|Freddy Freddy go away, come back to hollywood another day. With movies so stupid, so boring and silly, I always thought that your series was a pity. You are so mental, so crazy and wild, and now we have to go through the tourchure, of seeing your child?
5|1362|This movie has an excellent plot. It has the typical Quentin Tarantino structure where it gets started at the last scene of the movie then jumps around to finish it at the end. It comes together perfectly at the end. This is one of my favorite movies.
5|14446|Saw Ghandi years ago and cried through the whole thing. Very moving, compassionate, yet mixed with life's danger.
5|13329|I thought Private Ryan was a great movie because it accurately portrayed war and in particular, the D-Day invasion. It meant a lot to me because my grandfather fought it WWII and looked like the old Private Ryan. It gave a new generation a reminder of how we as a civilization got where we are.
5|12023|For all it being stupid and dumb, I really, really enjoyed this movie! I couldn't stop laughing. It is stupid and dumb and insane, yt somehow it manages to work. Ashton is great in this flick. Taken as a a work of art, it really isn't that good of a movie. Simple and predictable plot, bathroom humour and lously acting. Usually this means a diaster, but with this film, it somehow works. One of the first DVD's IJR bought when I got my dvd player. A classic!
1|20200|just awfal this is the same director as urban legends yes urban legends was not great but it was fun and entertaing this movie really is stupid the only good scene is when the sexy girl is in a bikini and gets killed in the hot tub i would have never guesse the killer was going to do but ather than that this movie sucks do not waste youre time watch halloween friday the 13th a nightmare on elm street scream i know what you did last summer or urban legends this movie is not good
5|14452|Hoosiers will remain the greatest sports movie of all time. If you have only seen it on TV, you must rent a copy and see it all. TV almost always cuts out great dialog and scenes that are classics alone. What the movie doesn't tell you is that this small town team also had to win two games in the Semistate round and an afternoon game in the finals. This means they won two games a day three consecutive weekends after their Sectional to win the state. Not to mention they (The Milan Indians) went to the final four the year before (1953). Milan had a total enrollment of 161 in 1954. While you are at the video store, get a copy of Breaking Away. It's another underdog sports story that won Academy Award for Dialog. 
5|15994|The Outsiders, written by S.E. Hinton and directed by Francis Coppola is a fantastic movie that has a star-studded cast and great acting. C. Thomas Howell stars as 'Ponyboy', the dreamy Greaser who gets in big trouble when his buddy 'Johnny' ( played by 'The Karate Kid' - Ralph Macchio ) kills a Soc'. The supporting cast is a who's-who of young actors including Patrick Swayze, Matt Dillon, Emilio Estevez, Diane Lane, and Tom Cruise. It is a coming of age movie that is rarely seen with the depth that this one has. Go reant this one and watch for all your favorite actors.
5|6419|This is the second Greatest film of all time after Lawrence of Arabia both directed by David Lean, the best director ever. A tragic love story on an epic scale set against the background of the Russian revolution. The whole cast gave great performances Julie Christie (Lara) is remarkably beautiful. The movie is atmospheric and visually stunning like all of David Leans films, you really feel like it was filmed in Russia even though it was filmed mostly in Finland and Spain. It was not filmed in Canada, Great cinematography and a great score. Doctor Zhivago should have won best picture and best director award, instead they gave it to the Sound of Music not a very good film. A big mistake by the academy awards, i think the only reason they gave the award to the Sound of Music was because Fox Studios was nearly bankrupt so they gave them an undeserving boost. Doctor Zhivago is a 10 times better movie.
5|10634|Putney Swope is an outrageously funny comedy about race relations in an imaginery Madison Avenue Ad agency in the late 1960's. Without a doubt, it is the funniest movie ever made and, because of the way it pokes fun at minorities, it will never be shown on television. You'll laugh so hard you'll wet your pants! 
5|3561|I'm rating this from the perspective of when I first watched it--as an 8 year-old boy. I loved it then, but it's virtually unwatchable today.
5|834|Let me first say that THIS IS NOT A HORROR MOVIE! Even though it is categorized as horror, it is more like drama with a supernatural theme. And, like many have said before me, it is a great movie. Great acting, brilliant script, and of course the ending... wow. And, yes, it will withstand the test of time - just like Psycho did and many other great movies.
1|22371|Completly unoriginal. Contains you're basic components for a scary movie. Ripoff of an even older sci-fi movie.
5|10152|Bring it On starts with no storyline but the story picks up. The dancing is awesome and I enjoyed the drama.
5|1410|The Air Cav assault is a classic.
5|8352|The movie that made Tom Hanks Big and he was perfect for the role because he could bring out the child like innocence of the adult. The boy looked like a young Tom Hanks. There are some great memorable scenes such as the dancing on the giant keyboards at FAO Schwarz with Robert Loggia, the way he eats the baby corn appetizers and when he invites Elizabeth Perkins into his loft and tells her that he gets to be on top. A delightful film.
5|12745|My husband encouraged me to watch this movie. I think it is a GREAT movie because it opens the public's eyes to so much information that we normally don't get to see unedited. We only get to hear & see what the government wants us to unless we dig a little deeper. Kudos to Michael Moore for making it his mission to dig a little deeper and pass it on to the American public.
5|22719|i thought it was probably one of the best movies i've seen this hole year! it had a great....no wait an awesome start and a awesome ending! unlike all the other movies i've seen this year, great start..but then its like the fvcking writer fell asleep at the end! i think the X-men Movie REEKS OF AWESOMENESS! and for the ones that think it sucks, well....no one takes advise from someone that watches richard simmons workout tapes and put up pictures of Mr.Rogers on there wall, enough to tilt there trailer! have a very nice day...or night, whatever! Xmen rule!!!!! 
5|5931|Cary Grant is so funny in his acting expressions. Those old ladies had tears falling.
5|21210|Very good performances and dance numbers. Oldest brother Adam finds a wife, to take home. and insprires younger brothers to do the same so they go to town and kidnap six potential wives. over the winter the : sobbin' women grow to like the men and then there are seven brides for seven brothers. Good songs and entertainment.
5|18491|Classic! Way better thanthe others! I love what they do!
5|2086|Greatest.... Movie ..... Ever...!
5|76|Go Indy!
5|20668|This is one of my favorite movies because since it has young people I can relate to it a lot.
5|4391|Very funny and enjoyable...I think this is the first time Dreamworks Animation really hit a home run. Antonio Banderas' Puss in Boots is of course the scene-stealer.
5|21576|Best movie of the year. It deserved a better showing in the Academy Awards. (Maybe they're waiting 'til the third film. We can only hope.)
5|7698|How can someone not appreciate the comedy of Mike Myers, in a movie that in my opinion will stay forever in the hall-of-fame of comedy? Austin Powers is not supposed to be about hilarious one-liners, or sarcastic jokes. Austin Powers is all about character's expressions, and faces, and situations in which these characteristics are emphasized on the individual in order to exaggerate it and make it uncontrollably funny. That is what makes Austin Powers so unique, and a hit comedy different from anything else anyone has ever seen.
5|6586|While visiting my 78-year old dad, we watched it on AMC. Unbeknownst to me, my pop seems to have watched this movie a dozen times and knew every line and every scene like so many Rocky Horror revelers. Though I am not the biggest John Wayne fan, this one is great. The veiled sexuality between Wayne and Sizzling hot red-head Acollene Maureen O'Hara is palpable -- even in 1952. It was neat when O'Hara confides a very discreet issue on their inability to consummate their marriage with the town priest (Ward Bond) in Gaelic. Victor McLaglan and the Duke have one of the best Hollywood Fights in history. The Irish locales are visually stunning. Overall, a real treat I was glad to share with Pops. Seek it out.
5|9879|Hysterically funny and stupid. Marlon and Shawn did a good job with their mockery of current hit movies already out. Great acting also.
5|6592|I am a huge Hitchcock fan myself, and this is my favoite film by him. The script is fantastic, and the acting is flawless. Joseph Cotten was amazing as Uncle Charlie. The way he gradually turns into this sinister character was acting at his finest. For any Hitchcock fan who has not seen this, do yourself a favor and pick it up.
5|23375|You have to expect that any film written by Charlie Kaufman is going to be a little unusual - and Eternal Sunshine certainly is. The plot is crazy - after his girlfriend breaks up with him, Joel (Jim Carrey) learns that she has undergone a radical procedure to erase all memories of him from her brain. Joel is so devastated by the breakup, and heartbroken by his 'erasure' from the memories of his ex, he too decides to go for the procedure. As he is undergoing the procedure, he realizes subconsciously that he DOESN'T want this girl erased from him. That despite all of the pain and heartbreak, he desperately needs to remember. THis begins a desperate game of hide and seek in Carrey's subconscious as Carrey tries to protect his memories from the 'erasers.' As bizarre as the plot sounds, the film is EXTREMELY well done, with stunning performances from Carrey (who I've never liked) and Winslet. The film touches on things like fate and moving on from the heartbreak of a lost love, in a way that is creative, hilarious, and touching. One of the better films I've seen in a while.
1|11156|My goodness this movie blew. It got my attention with that awesome beginning. But once the movie started? I won't even go there... Byonce Knoles is to Jive to be funny. In fact, It's friggin annoying. The next time I hear someone say Jive Turkey or Shuga like that again I'm gonna Explode! Not only that, but Goldmember sucks. He is gross, stupid, and also very annoying. The movie only squeezed a couple of giggles out of me. Most of this movie's humor is when one of the antagonists trying to explain something stupid or gross while the other person just sits there staring with a confused look on their face until he is done. Honestly I feel they do this too much in this movie, like when Fat Bastard is trying to explain how bad his fart stinks, or when Goldmember says his stupid Fashza stuff. The only funny parts to me were the beginning, the mole, the subtitles, (ha ha!) and the shadow scene. Other than that, this movie just plain shameless advertising. The Brittney and Ozbourne Cameos were obviously put in there to appeal to their respective audiences. and let us not forget the biggest Audience appeal role of them all: Byonce Knowels herself. The only good Austin Powers chick was Vanessa she is irreplacealble. I think I've seen the bottom of the Austin Powers barrel with this stinker of a comedy movie.
1|15330|I must have watched a different movie or something because all I saw was an annoying woman, that looked like a guy, shoot and rob a couple of men. I can't help but wonder if Charlize got the oscar for that lesbian love scene.
5|21562|Good, faithful to the spirit of the book. Several great performances, and fine cinematography. I actually prefer the extended version on video.
5|18485|Love it!
1|17241|I didn't see it but I know it sucks.
1|1744|A very depressing, dark and dangerous movie, the movie features not only a downer of a theme, but boatloads of profanity, violence and sexual innuendo. For a good mystery, watch Murder She Wrote or Columbo, not this klaptrap.
5|14297|David Fincher always manages to direct the kind of films that take the viewer to the deepest, darkest recesses of the psyche and have them relate to it consciously or subconciously. Fight Club is a fine example of this! And Fincher's presentation of the film proves that as his skill is improving, his cynacism and originality remain intact. (The IKEA scene was much lauded and I know will be much emulated in the future.) The script in this film blew me away with it's colorful narration and crisp dialogue. The acting in this film was phenomenal. It wasn't so much Edward Norton that surprised me as what I've seen of his talent he could play the transvestite in The Crying Game and have us all completely fooled, nor was it Brad Pitt who by the way hasn't exuded so much personality in a film since 12 Monkeys . It was Helena Bonham Carter who fleshed out Marla so beautifully that it was difficult to sympathize with her, yet it was impossible to hate her as well. And Meatloaf, who was completely surprising, was so touching and funny in his portrayal of Bob. But let's talk about the violence in this movie. I'm going to have to agree with Ploughman on this one: the violence in Fight Club is as signifigant as it was in A Clockwork Orange and should not be missed. Watching a film with the word Fight in the title and not expecting violence is like watching Faces of Death and not expecting to be traumatized! But the fight scenes are not only representative of Norton's inner turmoil (as Ploughman pointed out so insightfully), but an example of the lengths we go to to feel more alive, more complete in a society where we are becoming merely human counterparts to the technology we create. With that, if you haven't seen this film, watch it, and let the fight scenes make an imprint in your mind. What I find disturbing is not this film, but that the Academy chooses to recognize three-hour long drivel like Titanic and The English Patient and almost completely ignores brilliant, insightful explorations into the human condition like Fight Club !
5|22725|Great actors and great director. This movie has super effects. It is applicable to the comic series.
5|22043|Aliens is the best action film around. The actors are great. Michael Biehn is great as Hicks, Sigourney Weaver is great as Ripply and Bill Paxton is fantastic as Hudson. The storyline is great and the sequels were great (although this is probably the best of the four).
5|9689|A really funny family movie, with a good message and values for everyone. Moments that will make you laugh, cry and laugh again. Buddy the elf, whats your favorite color?
5|15837|With the release of Quills , the film version of Doug Wright's play about the final days of the infamous Marquis Desade, with a script by the playwright himself, we are reminded what power the medium has the potential to command. The film presents a largely fictionalized account of the last days of the Marquis Desade (Geoffrey Rush), confined to the Charenton institution for the insane. Through his interactions with a young laundress, Madeleine (Kate Winslett), an initially idealistic young priest, Abbe De Coulmier (Joaquin Phoenix) and the cruel, authoritarian Dr. Royer-Collard (Michael Caine), the author explores issues of censorship, religion and hypocrisy (Why do those three subjects complement each other so well?). The film, while lacking the visceral immediacy of the play, has an inherent realism and intimacy that compensates for any losses. The attention to detail is exquisite, from the clothing to the closeups revealing stained, unpleasant teeth. The performances are superb, particularly those of Oscar winners Caine and Rush. Joaquin Phoenix is by far the weakest link, attempting an annoying approximation of an English accent, presumably in order to sound like the rest of the cast, though since the film is set in France, the reasoning here becomes convoluted. However, Phoenix's relative weaknesses are more than compensated for. This film is not for everyone. It is uncompromisingly grim. Grimmer, even, than the historical fact of it's subject matter. Those looking for romance, in any conventional sense, and a happy ending will be disappointed on both counts. However, the film does reward by delivering uncompromising energy and unremitting intensity for those who choose to approach it seriously. 
5|11489|I thought the Wedding Planner was a delightful movie. It accomplished what it set out to do; it made me feel good. My friends I thoroughly enjoyed our time at this movie.
5|2904|I THOUGHT THE MOVIE WAS BRILLIANT.THE KID WHO PLAYED MURPH'S SON LOOKED LIKE AARON CARTER(THE SINGER) I WONDER IF IT WAS HIM...OH WELL. THIS MOVIE WAS AMAZING, HOPE YOU SEE IT.
5|20640|This movie is a great movie to get up and dance too
5|20898|I thought the movie La Bamba was a good movie. I like autobiographies.
5|2910|This true story was excellent. The actors took you with them on their trip. George Clooney was the best actor they could have picked to play the captain of the ship and crew. This movie could have been just a little better, but other than that, great movie. If you haven't seen it, go see it now.
5|22057|I think that Aliens is one of the best science fiction movies ever. It has a very believable plot, great suspense, action and a little romance. The ending is great and I loved the feeling of closure I had until I saw the next Aliens movie.
5|15823|Well, what a great assortment of comments. Especially from those disagreeing with the rating! I think that there was nothing pornographic or exploitive about sex. None of the advertisements I saw portrayed this movie as a sexual movie, therefore, no kids (by the way, are we no longer awknowledging the maturity difference between a 7 year old and a 17 year old?) would be attracted to this movie for the sexual content. Lets just assume that the folks who see this movie are adult and mature enough to take from the movie what it is offering. A impactful story about love, sex, hypocrisy, art, and censorship... The movie was wonderfully acted and directed. The costuming was great, the sets were great and the movie, despite some grim themes, was uplifting and empowering. I hope everyone enjoys this film, I know it is on my top 10.
5|7868|Jack Nicholson was hilarious as a fiction writer with multiple mental poblems. He and Helen Hunt had a special chemistry that I haven't seen in a long time- despite their age difference. When I saw it in the theater, everybody raved about it. I could feel how much the character played by him loved her son.
5|14283|Hands down the best socially influential movie since Pulp Fiction and Resivior Dogs and the best(and probably only good) Brad Pitt movie. This is my bible.
1|16163|Jeepers. What nonsense.
5|22731|I love this movie! I found the special effects to be awesome. The casting and acting was good and the story was fun.
5|5919|Funniest movie of all
5|983|Superb!! That's the only word I can say to describe this movie. Have seen it 2 times. Willem Defoe, what can I say, the man is not only gorgeous, but he can act too!! The scene where he runs out to the chopper barely alive, excellent!!
1|12305|Nothing this man spits out can be mistakened as comedy .. this isn't an exception.
5|19994|Anyone who didnt love this movie probably just peed in their pants while watching it and are so embarassed they felt they had to come here to give it a bad score. Dont liek horror movies? GO WATCH SOME MORE BAMBI Like horror movies? WATCH THIS ONE! 
5|2045|fantastic,classy,edge of your seat thriller.one of the greatest suspense films i have ever seen.ther are lots of unexpected plot twists.it is a rare treat to see two great actors in a horror film of this caliber.it made me scream like a little girl several times.excellent movie!!!!
5|968|Good effects at the time. Scary as hell. Jaws is a great unstoppable force.
5|15176|A man tries to find his own meaning of life while starting his own business, marrying his girl and saving his marriage.
1|16188|My god I couldn't wait until this movie was over.
5|13507|Stand By Me is a great movie. It has a wonderful cast and captures the true meaning of friendship which is something all of us can relate to.
5|6545|This is the good Cape Fear edition as opposed to the goofy Cape Fear done by Scorsese in 1991. I guess the only thing wrong with the 1962 Cape Fear is that it doesn't splatter blood everywhere. Robert Mitchum is a real fearsome villain as opposed to the over the top De Niro villain in the more recent version.
5|9676|This is an all time classic movie that needs to be a part of everyone's home collection of movies. It is the kind of comedy you can watch literally over and over (believe me, I have tested this true) and it is still funny. Not only funny, but you never get sick of it. You can constantly discover new lines throughout it. Jim Carey was great. And who knew that Harry (I don't remember what his name is in real life) was even funny. This was a whole new role for him. Anyways, I love Dumb and Dumber.
5|7883|The Stone Henge scene alone is worth watching this movie, it is hysterical. It shows Christopher Guest at his best a very funny movie with lots of cameos.
1|3812|Couldn't get through the first 5 m's of it! BORING!
5|15610|I thought this movie was a great love story with lots of action, humor, and sadness.
5|11476|The Wedding Planner was one of the best movies that I have seen in while. It was full of good clean humor. It's a movie you can watch with anyone... I give it two thumbs up!
5|16319|Regardless of your religious beliefs and convictions, from an acting and visual perspective, it was amazing. Jim Caviezel (did I spell that correctly?) was amazing, and the movie is very thought provoking. It was a masterpiece in my opinion; having said that, it isn't a movie you could pop in at any given time. I'm not going to rant and rave about biblical fact or fiction, or how Mel is anti-Semitic, or that it was too Catholic as I seem to keep hearing. Look, none of us were there, but from my opinion of what happened, I thought it very accurate of what I thought it must've been like. For the people who say it was too violent...what did you expect, the masses to sing and frolic with Jesus while he walks to his death? It was savage, yes, but come on people!!! Was Jesus' crucifiction a beautiful act to watch? Hello!!! Did you think the Roman soldiers were going to kindly tap Him with a whip, while they carefully and delicately placed his hand gently against the wood of the cross? Or make a clean, surgical laceration into his side? We have heard it so often, it almost becomes like lyrics to a popular song. For me, it brought meaning back to the words of the gospel and the prayers I say. Other people say that there was no plot, just Jesus getting beaten. Let me clue you in on something...THAT IS THE PLOT! What did you think the plot was going to be about, the Healing of the Paralytic? Some people want to turn the crucifiction into some kind of beautiful and humane act...well, it wasn't...Sorry. It's not a movie for everyone, and I know this, but this website is about your opinion. I thought it was amazing. The Aramaic and Latin added to it for me. I don't know if anyone else has read other reviews and polls, but some of these clowns who claim to have been laughing while Christ was being tortured, I WISH you would've been in the theater with me. 
5|11462|Animal House for the 90's
5|20867|Fever was a such a cultural phenomenon and it technically wasn't a musical. There are so many memorable scenes and it is really a great story of young,urban America in the late 1970's. And of the course, the Bee Gees music is amazing.
5|4346|WICKED!
1|23899|If you are going to tell one of histories greatest storys don't mess with it. Achilies never sees the inside of Troy as he is shot in the heal. It one of the the biggest parts of Homer's story but Hollywood comes along and change a major part. The effects were nice but the acting was not that great and neither was the script.
5|17013|One of my favourite films ever! Everything about it is brilliant, from the acting, directing, casting, to the plot, humour and look/feel of the film. Christian Bale is perfect as Pat Bateman and he is genuinely intense and powerful (physically and mentally) througout. The fact that I love all things New York and 80s was pretty convenient in this film! The soundtrack is great, with Huey Lewis and Phil Collins fitting in well, contrasting against the violence being portrayed. For example Huey being played while Bateman axe-murders a colleague. The idea that everyone on Wall Street at that time is anonymous is clever, such as Bateman being mistaken for other people by his own colleagues, and the displacement of identity is a foremost theme here due to commercialism and vanity. Easton Ellis' book is brilliantly written and extremely graphic (in both good, e.g. knowledge of the hit records released in the 80s, and bad ways, e.g. killing of the prostitute), although the film's locations, settings and direction are needed to complete the look to the story. Fantastic!
5|9662|This movie has so many great lines that you find yourself reciting the whole movie. Stupid? Of course. Funny? Definitely.
5|7897|The finest mockumentary ever made. Some idiots didn't realize it was even a joke!
1|3806|Terribly boring, the first one was good and of course I thought this one wood be good. It just keep dragging out on and on...and on. Don't see this movie unless you have a severe case of insomnia and really need a good sleep. 
5|7129|Mel's best? Perhaps. I didn't realize just how great of a movie this was until I watched it recently. So many classic scenes and great characters- Hedley Lemarr, Mongol ( only pawn in game of life ), et all. The film has a good way of mocking racism. And 17 is my limit on Schnitzengruben.
5|1558|If you liked Russell Crowe in Gladiator, you'll love him as Bud White, an uncompromising LA cop with a short temper and zero tolerance for women beaters. This movie drags one deep into the corruption of 1950's LA police, with twists and turns that keep you guessing until the end.
5|22916|Alex -- Ahhh...
5|6237|John Huston truly was great. This is his FIRST film, and it is one of the all-time classic masterpieces of the screen. Humphrey Bogart in the role that made him a star (yes, there was once a time where he wasn't the most famous face that was ever on a movie screen). A great cast of supporting characters. Scratch that, an UNFORGETTABLE cast of supporting characters. A weasly, sleazy criminal (Peter Lorre), a talkative fat man (Sydney Greenstreet), his rodent-like henchman (Elisha Cook Jr.), and a mysterious woman (Mary Astor) who turns out to be more dangerous than she actually is. A must-see for all movie fans. A movie that straddles the great divide between movie and cultural moment .
5|9104|Nothing can compare. The all time classic.
5|13513|Masterful, concise, dubious, chilling, real. Loved it.
5|18446|This movie is one of the scariest movies of all times. I like how the picture is like all old. Looks like the movie is from back in the days. Story is tight and is hella freaky.
5|2051|Harrison Ford as a villian? I've got to see this again. From the very first scene, I was sucked in. I would see it again but I'm afraid I'll pee in my pants it's so scary.
5|17775|This is one of my favorite movies of all time. Not only did it start Jamie Lee Curtis' career, but it led to other Halloween movies. This is one of the only movies that has scared me. The cinematography on this movie was outstanding.
1|1977|Given the title, pretty amateurish.
1|24648|Kirk meets god and it not impressed. You can tell that Shatner directed it!! A big pile of Cack!!
5|11304|A very good remake of a very good series, Scooby-Doo has a talented cast with a variable script. Some of the jokes, including references to the television series, are great, while the fart jokes can be left at the door. Also, cameos from other characters and a great surprise ending make it a five-star. The deleted scenes on the DVD, however, were great and should have been left in!
1|20406|When I first tried to rent this, the guy at the video store snatched it away from me and said I'm sorry, I just can't let you leave with this movie, it's that bad. Now I know why. This isn't the worst movie I've ever seen, but it's not that far behind, either. It's like a really crappy rehash of Ringu (Japanese film, 1998; the American remake, The Ring , came out in 2002, the same year as Feardotcom ), with the same basic idea of If you watch this, you will die in X amount of days . I did like the reasoning behind it (a tortured soul wanting revenge), but it just didn't make for a strong story. The true antagonist's motives were never really explained (he just kind of liked torturing women for fun, I guess). The excessive nudity and violence, some of which is highly disturbing, seemed as if it were there only for shock value and nothing more. If your local video rental guy really cares, he won't let you leave with this video.
5|1570|Plain out, great movie. I loved every aspect of it, and the acting was all very well done. Johnny Depp portrayed Jack Sparrow very well, as did Orlnado Bloom as Will.
5|14254|A classic court drama, and Tom Hanks was perfect.
5|10032|Sister Act left you wanting more. The movie needs more songs, less arguing.
5|19770|This is one of the scariest movies I have ever seen and I don't even like horror movies. If you are looking for a scary movie for Halloween this is the one.
5|954|Jaws is my second favorite movie of all time. I seem to have a thing for movies set in a clautrophobic environment. In this case, it is the Orca on which the three men are hunting the shark. Along with Rear Window, I can watch this film over and over again, and never tire of it!
5|21589|See it in the theater, if possible. The cinematography is spectacular!
5|20697|Julie Andrews is amazing! Her voice and charm carry this movie. I have 2 words, Curtain Clothes. The soundtrack is fun for the whole family to sing to.
5|18308|Truly innovative for 1984. I am a Freddy freak!I collect all kinds of horro movie stuff and Freddy is my fav. The movie still sends a bit of a scare into me on nights when I am by myself.I recently saw Freddy vs. Jason and loved it! My hubby is a Jason fan and I am hard-core for Freddy. Made things interesting at home!
1|22577|i remember going to see this the very first day it came out and it was a big dissapointment. it would have been alot better if james cameron would have directed it and if edward furlong was in it.
5|6579|John Ford's classic Western with John Wayne is still worth seeing and still deserving of 5 Stars after all of this time. This is the benchmark against which other Westerns are measured.
5|1216|Gets better every time I see it.
5|14532|I put seeing this movie off for a while because of its length, finally saw it this past weekend. It certainly falls in the category of different . Other than the plane crash, it doesn t really have any true action or suspense, but for some strange reason I couldn t pull myself away from wondering what was going to happen next. Now you might say, well that s suspense, it was and it wasn t. There have been a lot of films put out that tried to tap human suffering, or the human condition . Cast Away didn t just tap it, it tapped a main line feed from the core. Tom Hanks was brilliant, how many actors can take up over half of a movie solo and never loose an audience? Not many. I see some questioning the ending, at first I was a little miffed at its, seemingly clich who knows how what decision will be made ending. However, the more I thought about it, how else could it end. Anything else would have been considered predictable, too convenient, too wrapped up in a pretty bow. I thought the ending fit rather nicely within the whole theme of life sucks but not really too awful bad.
5|22080|I cannot even begin to describe how truly amazing this film is. A far cry from the tripe awful sequels that spawned from what could only be described as a great mind maze of pure genius. The Matrix is completely different to the sci-fi pre-decessor genre and there was truly no film before that reached the cinematic heights of parody - bullet-time (Slow-motion scenes) Shrek, The Centre Park commercials etc, special effects and even storytelling. It hails many questions about our minds and our constant reliance of computers, the world we live in and the many questions that still haven't been answered.
5|8554|Good acting! Meg Ryan's best film! :o)
1|20360|another movie on the sequel craze.
5|7667|it'sa great spoof movie, and i like how they went after James Bond and pop culture in General. This is the kind of movie that you notice something different each time you watch it. Some scenes are really funny, and though there isn't much of a plot, it's a really, really funny movie.
5|13249|I think it was an inspirational work about friendship and commitment that eventually developed between the two characters. I liked the way the characters were developed and the changes they experienced throughout the movie.
5|14526|This film definetly made me cry. It's effort and thought really payed off! However, it did have a similarity to the story Hatchet that I've seen and read. But this story leads you to a big surprize. I just wish they didn't leave ya hanging at the end.
5|22094|This movie is the ultimate role model for other Sci-Fi movies. It has a cool storyline which is out of this world. I mean the machines trap humans in computers to generate energy, and in order to do that they make the computer-generated dreamworld called the matrix, and they are making the humans believe that this dreamworld is real. I mean wow, i would never come up with an idea like that. The graphics alone is a pioneer of its kind. The bullet timing effect is famous since this movie came out. The fight scenes are very well choreographed. And Keanu Reeves' acting is up a notch, so what more can i say!
5|8540|I recently added this movie to by dvd collection and can now sleep easy. This is one of my favorite movies OF ALL TIME!! The story is timeless and never gets old. I watch it when I am feeling down and it always picks me up in the end. Billy Crystal is hysterical, and Meg Ryan is beautiful. I like how we get to see them both grow so much through the movie. The soundtrack is to die for as well. I think that men need to give this movie a chance, they may be able to relate to it as well. So can men and women be friends?!?!
5|5064|If you grew up in the late 80's early 90's, then you have to love this one. the ninja turtles were the coolest, and anything having to do with them was awesome.
5|10740|i STILL laugh wen i think about that girl crapping herself out the window on the police car.
5|5702|Excellent. Masterpiece material right here. Watched it in school (took the whole day) and loved. Most kids hated it, but I found it really interestiing. I like the first half the best. The second half seemed to dull out a little but came back at the end. Many memorable scenes. And what do I say to all of you who dont like this comment. Well, frankly, I don't give a damn... 
5|10026|This movie is another comedy classic. Whoopi Goldberg becomes a nun in this funny movie. The movie doesn't plod too much and the humor is present, especially in the church scenes. Highly recommended! A nod to the Flying Nun would have made it even better!
5|17749|Unquestionably the greatest horror film of all time! This movie is perhaps one of the most influential movies of its time, setting the stage for ripoffs like Friday the 13th. This movie keeps an eerie feel to it all the way until the end, and Michael Myers is definitely one of the most dynamic characters ever depicted in a horror film. Props to John Carpenter for the creepy music in this film.
5|798|This was a true horror movie without all of that stereotypical stuff that you see in a horror movie. Haley Joel Osment truly shined in this movie and should've won an Oscar, and woah! I wasn't expecting an ending like that. M. Night Shmalyan has made the template of thought provoking horror movies.
5|16457|I loved it, except when the women did. The fact that it was true was all the more intriguing. Much to be learned from it.
1|24674|This movie is real crappy man!
5|17991|If a horror film is supposed to scare the be jesus (sp?) out of people then this is one helluva horror film. I hate horror movies, hate 'em. Partly because I think they're usually kinda cheesey and partly because,..well 'cause they're scary but this one is really scary. I must've seen this when I was about 10 or so and it totally freaked me out.
5|940|Other than Raiders, this is my favorite Spielberg film. It just grabs you and won't let go...
5|11338|THE IN-LAWS is a classic. Peter Falk and Alan Arkin are hilarious together. Just thinking of the word serpentine makes me laugh.
1|11817|Should be called Intolerable Boredom. Me and the missus fell asleep through large portions of it. It's a comedy devoid of humor -- and a very mean spirited one at that. One of the worst offerings ever by the brothers Coen.
1|20412|The worst sequel I have ever seen. (That includes Caddyshack 2)
5|1564|I thought this movie was excellent-so few people gave it props , but after I saw it, I bought it and I watch it all the time.
5|9138|I'd have to disagree with some posts here--I absolutely loved this movie. It's one of Monty Python's cruder movies, and should be for ADULT audiences only, since it goes (graphically) into topics such as sex. Be forewarned that it is quite different from the other Monty Python movies, but that's not necessarily a bad thing.
5|23163|As you might be able to tell by now, I'm a bit of a sci-fi fan. Yet again, this is another film that I grew up with and still love. This film has a very good sense of humour and is very sharp. It starts off in present day (mid 1980's) and then goes through the centuries with the main character Conner McCleod. Originally from the Scottish Highlands and banished due to being labelled as being in league with Lucifer as he did not die in battle when he should have done. Eventually Sean Connery's character comes into play and tells Conner that he is immortal and teaches him the skills he needs to know for The Gathering. You have fantastic lines such as 'You overdressed Haggis' All the immortlas must fight eachother (using swords of course) The only way they can be killed is by having their head chopped off and the victor gets its opponents power and strength. Only one will survive and he gets the 'prize' and will know every thought of everyone on the planet and will now what is happening worldwide ( a bit like God really) The soundtrack is fab - but then again, its done by Queen so it will be. The love thread is not too sickening and 'Who Wants To Live Forever' sets it off really well. Fantastic. 
5|6784|Very funny indeed. Full of sarcastic lines and daft situations with the highest Quotability rating of any Monty Python film. The first time you see the ending you stare open mouthed for a couple fo munites before bursting out laughing. genius.
1|21283|Stupid, vapid concept with a 25 cent script, lame acting, aimless direction, frenetic and visually unappealling dancing, and a score that sounds as dated as a Bee Gees record. They even used a body double for J. Beals' tushy scenes.
1|14238|Josh Nash was a Nazi and an anti-Semite. You people suck.
5|217|Couldn't get any better!
5|18693|This movie was so far from the run of the mill. Their grandpa was so creepy. I love this movie!!!
5|21012|A wonderful movie the autobiography of Lorretta Lynn. Played to perfection by Sissy Spacek. It starts out when Lorretta Lynn is 13 and takes it through to about her thirties when she is famous and at the top of popularity. It looks like an honest portrayal of this country singer, Tommy Lee Jones was also good as her husband. Sissy Spacek deserved the oscar she won playing this role and she even did all her own singing.
5|1955|Great movie with a great plot! Everything in this movie rocks. Juliette Lewis plays a good character as does Nick Nolte. Very creepy and it stays with you after you see it.
1|17057|Yo matt likes this move so it must suck!!!!!!
1|16349|It is difficult for me to express my suffering in actually having to sit through this violent foreign language movie.
1|20823|people think that because they take a cow ( Renee Z) and stuff her in a dress and teach her to dance, that they have an instant hit, way overated
5|1941|This movie was utterly terrifying!!! It's not like the slasher movies that we normally think of when someone suggests a thriller, but it preys on the viewer psychologically. Sometimes that's even more frightening than the blood and gore. This movie was powerful and so scary I can't even look at a river and a forest now without getting a chill.
1|2067|I hte werewolves and I hate salt and vineger pringles. Once i pop I just cant stop puking. this movie was stupid. Alls im saying is if you really wanted to blow people to crap it wouldnt be as difficult as they make it seem. uuuh rahhhh anarchist cookbook
5|1799|I love Ashley Judd-so I loved this movie. The woman is a wonderful actress and to put it in Tommy Lee Jones was superb.
1|11432|Well I saw a very small amount of this movei mabey thats a good thing.
5|4839|This movie is fantastic! Yes it does have an adult theme running through it, but that does happen with a few things and the kids don't always pick up on it. They'll just see some adorable ants trying to save their colony and a romance occur. Some parts are heavy, but the parents should be able to deem whether it is suitable for their children or not. Personally, I love this film. 
5|18687|One of the true horror classics! Leatherface is so awesome!! Imagine getting chased by him in the dark because he's hungry? I have never forgotten this movie and it will always be a classic to me.
5|565|A favorite of mine. Great acting throughout.
5|2290|Classic Eddie Murphy movie about a convict who has 48 hours to help a cop get the bad guys. Great action, and Murphy is hilarious as always. This is the birthplace of the line, There's a new sheriff in town, and his name is Reggie Hammond. 
5|21006|The Music Man is my favorite musical. Robert Preston just bursts with energy. The movie is terrific from the clever opening song on the train to the end. Shirley Jones was great too what a wonderful voice she had. The movie had a great roster of charactr actors- Paul Ford, Pert Kelton, Hermione Gingold, ,Buddy Hackett and Charles Lane. Plus, let's not forgett Ronnie Howard.
1|13543|I can not believe that this picture got best picture! I hadn't seen it before then so had to go rent it. I was enormously disappointed. This movie is about as highly rated as Magnolia. Both movies suck'
5|5299|One of the best 'suspend your disbelief and enjoy it' movies ever to come about! Dorothy is sweet, the wicked witch is a classic wicked witch inherent in all childrens nightmares, Dorothy's friends all convey the loyalty we hunger for in our friends.
1|15132|I gave this movie a rating of 1 because it was not interesting or appealing to my best interest. Throughout the movie I constantly was falling asleep.
5|203|Wow! What an entertaining movie. I simply don't understand the people who don't like this movie, but I'll bet to a person they voted for Clinton. It is a roughly accurate historical portrayal of oppressive English colonialism, and the heroic efforts that were undertaken by the oppressed (Scots). The violence was graphic, but certainly in line with the reality of that time. Gibson did a great job on both sides of the camera. Good mix of comedy (Irish character, Stephen) and romance. I can understand those who say that this movie isn't their cup of tea, but anyone who calls it a bad movie has other motives.
5|23177|This is a great movie. its up there with fight club. Deffinatly a must see!
1|18416|Let's see now, we'll take some Anne Rice dreck, add some hearthrobs, Cruise, Pitt, Banderas, and Slater, mix it altogether and see what we get. TRASH! Avoid!
1|20189|Pure crap!
5|22269|Come to me son of jor-el kneeeeeeeeel before zod!. Love it. Terence stamp play's this asshole brilliantly. The fight in New York gives this film five stars alone. Christopher Reeve at his absolute best. 
5|6948|Classically hilarious movie. I loved it even as a kid, before I got all the jokes, and it only gets funnier now!
5|21748|Absolutely brilliant...a stunning conclusion to a amazing trilogy. I never wanted it to end. That is the highest compliment I can give this movie. To me, the hero is Samwise Gamgee and Sean Astin gives an oscar-calibur performance. I only hope that the academy sees fit to give him his due. It is rare for a film to enrapture me...and this one has. It was worth staying up till 4:00am! I will see it again and again, I am sure. Yes, I am proudly an LOTR geek. I do have to add that I agree with Ninja Squirrel that Billy Boyd's performance was spectacular too. What a talented singer and musician. I also thought that David Wenham was able to infuse Faramir with such pathos...something that was difficult to do with such short on screen time. I still feel, having seen ROTK for a second time, that Sean Astin gave the most outstanding performance. Sam could have been a rather cardboard cutout but he turned it into a three-dimensional character...taking him from a gardener to THE hero of the plot. If it had not been for Samwise Gamgee, Frodo would never have gotten to Mount Doom. And like Gandalf and Galadriel, Sam was able to resist the pull of the ring and pass the test...something none of the others who had access to the ring were able to do. If I could give a score higher than 5 I would. Good conquered evil and did so because of the least ones. I loved how Peter Jackson showed that at the end. I agree that I would have preferred an epilogue (perhaps voice over) telling what became of the members of the fellowship...but regardless, it ended quietly, as peace should be! 
5|10595|A great movie with so many funny scenes its unbelievable,harrelson,murray and quaid were brilliant. Just like every1 else i didnt know why it wasnt a big hit-it certainly shouldve been
5|21990|Sleeper hit. Very funny movie yet romantic. Cary Elwes does a good job as the man in black. Mandy Patinkin and Andre the Giant provide good comic relief.
5|20456|I loved seeing this movie. The scenery was beautiful and it was amazing to learn about all the different creatures that live in this remote part of the world! 
1|2729|Do I really have to explain why I'm giving this film one star, I'd give it none if I could. This is the biggest cash cow film in prbably the history of movies. It's one attempt after another at being slick and exciting. It fails in both respects. Only Bill Murray is worth what they paid him in this movie. Best Scene: Lucy Lu as the domanatrix/business woman. 
1|19720|One of the worst movies I've seen this year. Pathetic. Weak story, weak script, dull characters even though Rufus Sewell is pretty convincing: he was so hateful I wanted to strangle him. Anyway, the SFX are ridiculous, I laughed out loud. It isn't scary at all....sometimes the little girl was quite cool, but it's not enough.
5|8795|I loved this movie, and I laughed the entire time. Have you ever seen a man with two left feet? No, I mean TWO LEFT FEET! It is outrageously funny, and if you want to see the other side of the most famous American dog show, this is the show. Because of the sexual humor, you may not want to bring your mother-in-law...This irreverent movie makes fun of humans and dogs alike.
5|22241|Yes, yes, yes, this was a good outing for Ahnold. The first sequel was pretty fair also. The dread of this machine that couldn't be stopped was gut wrenching when you first watched it.
5|22527|one of the best sword and sorcery movies ever! gret battle scenes and exotic surroundings!
5|13922|Very entertaining. After I saw it I felt like going to law school.
5|1969|The best ditective movie of all time! my 6th favorite. incredably smart and funny in a messed up kind of way. great acting and music. very good
5|24156|A classic!
5|559|Kevin Spacey stands out amongst an exceptional cast. Brilliant.
5|22533|Arnold dominates with a big, badass sword. There is an NFL hero in it as well as James Earl Jones.
5|14081|I think this was the best and most beautiful baseball movie ever It had all the greats and made even people who didn't like baseball love the game! 
5|13088|Excellent depiction of the holocaust. Shot entirely in Black and White with a few small enhancements, Steven Spielberg should see this as one of his best works. I was touched, and was brought to tears in this movie. No one can truly understand the horror, but this film gives one the idea, and shows the best and worst parts of humanity simultaneously.
5|12396|What Philip Seymour Hoffman does in the title role is less acting than it is an act of necromancy. I am always in reverent awe when I witness truly great acting, and that's what you'll see here. Hoffman is nothing less than stupendous as Truman Capote. He brings the character back to life in the same way that Jack Nicholson did with "Hoffa" and George C. Scott did with "Patton." Where the 1967 film "In Cold Blood" focused on the 2 killers, the murders they committed, their trial, and eventual execution, "Capote" focuses instead on the monumentally-talented, monumentally-egotistical and tortured man who immortalized them in his classic "non-fiction novel." The film covers the period from when Capote first read of the Clutter murders in the NY Times in November 1959 until the executions of Perry Smith and Richard Hickock in April 1965 in Kansas. The supporting cast is uniformly excellent. Particularly noteworthy are Clifton Collins Jr. as Perry Smith, Catherine Keener as Harper Lee, and Chris Cooper as Detective Alvin Dewey. It's very rare that I'm so enthusiastic about a contemporary movie, so take my heartfelt advice, and run, don't walk, to see it. You probably won't be able to catch the film at your local multiplex mall theatre (which will probably be playing "Harry Potter" in 2 theatres and the latest Adam Sandler-Tara Reid movie), but if you do revere great acting as I like to think I do, this is one you won't want to miss. Trust me. It'll be worth the effort of searching it out.
5|22255|I do love this film. The only problem I have is the script. No doubt Cameron put his hand in it big time. I really do think he should stick to teh producing and directing. To me Terminator is more a love story than anything else. The main storyline is to keep Sarah Conner alive so she conceives her son John who will help mankind to beat the Cybertech computer system. Reece gets sent back by John Conner, John knows that Reece is his dad and has to be sent back (I know, it gets complicated) Arnie was originally meant to play the part of Reece, but both himself and Cameron thought he'd be better as the Terminator. The SFX are very good considering when it was done.
5|6974|Released in 1986, Ferris Bueller's Day Off is one of those John Hughes' films that is now part of the common American experience, especially for those who grew up in the Big 80's. Local legend Bueller (Matthew Broderick) is the hippest guy in high school and decides that it would be a shame to waste a perfect day in class; therefore, he calls in sick and drags his friend Cameron Frye (Alan Ruck), who is actually under the weather, and his girlfriend Sloane Peterson (Mia Sara) along for the ride; however, school principal Ed Rooney (Jeffrey Jones) and his secretary (Edie McClurg) are not fooled for long. During Bueller's much needed vacation, the trio take off in a classic Ferrari owned by Cameron's dad, hit the tourist spots in Chicago, and crash a parade while Ferris pontificates on his philosophies of life. Nevertheless, Rooney is out to spoil the party and make Bueller repeat his senior year. Supporting the core cast are Jennifer Grey as Ferris' straight-laced sister Jeanie who hopes that Ferris gets caught, Cindy Pickett and Lyman Ward as his parents, a short appearance by Charlie Sheen, and Ben Stein as one of Ferris' teachers. This film would not have reached cult status without the performance by Broderick, his philosophical asides, and the then contemporary teenaged themes. Everyone wanted to be like Bueller and knew someone like him (in fact, my sister still calls me Ferris), an underdog who is fighting the system. The bottom line is that Ferris Bueller's Day Off is a cult movie that has become part of the lexicon. (Note, Alan Ruck was 30 years old when he played Cameron.)
5|21984|Princess Bride was a wonderful fantasy movie. It had everything a good story should have- humor, romance, adventure, and surprises. Princess Bride was superbly acted and the characters lived on the screen. More movies like this need to be made. It is a movie children and adults both can love.
5|18136|No gore, no vulgarity, no green pea soap. A nightmare captured on celluloid. And I think Polanski's best film. 
1|9683|Eww disgusting. In my opinion, this show promotes homosexuality. I mean come on, a 30 year old man running around in tights, and his best friends an 11 year old. Gross
5|4150|A definate must-have if they put it out on dvd...I can remember being spooked by the scene in the tunnel where they're on the paddle boat...(I was just a wee one when it came out.) I'm in my 30's now and watch it with MY kids every chance I get, they love the Oompla-Loompas, watching Violet Beauregard blow up, and guessing the exact moment when the glass elevator will break through the ceiling. If you want to view paradise, simply look around and view it...
1|12852|Would someone tell me why a REALITY movie was made? For, I have no clue.
5|7459|i needed to relax and enjoy myself and this hit the spot.
1|19907|oh my god. as if the first sequel wasn't bad enough, they had to make another scream movie.. oh well, what can you do, right? a couple of good things though. they brought randy back(even if it was in a video) and it was nice to see jay and silent bob, but that was about it. not keeping with the scream tradition, there was only one killer who turned out to be a character whom wich we knew absolutely nothing about and was only introduced to us once. i mean, it could have been anyone, the pissed off brother or john q. walk-on. another thing, where did everyone get those bullet proof vests?a cute attempt to try and finish off the scream movies, but sorry guys, you failed miserably.
5|15412|Save the Last Dance was the BEST movie!!! I'm deffinetley getting it on video when it come out! I can't wait! It really teaches you a lesson about racisim. It's sad and and funny! I reccommend this movie to everyone!!!!!
5|1028|An explosive terrorist movie. The first of it's kind. I found this movie to be extremely well done and Bruce Willis was outstanding.
5|13063|The Cappo Di Tutti Cappi Of Movies !!!!!!
5|6747|Bette Davis is one of the finest actresses of her time...and she really overshadows many of todays actresses as well.The Nanny was very scary to me as a child. Because of this movie, I have hooked on Bette Davis`s movies and have never been disapointed.
5|9312|Very funny, a great blend of live action and animation.
5|13705|The life of a seer. That is my life. Through poetry Will shall find meaning. Let us sit in caves and lick the past. Want of tradition? No longer. Let us create and not be created! We are poets! We are not slaves! We live our own lives! Open mindness is the key to life.
5|6021|Released in 1964, Stanley Kubrick's Dr. Strangelove Or How I Learned To Stop Worrying And Love the Bomb is cinema in its finest art form. While the dominant Cold War theme is a bit dated now, the film serves a practical purpose today, namely to give a genuine feel of what conditions the world was under during that time for subsequent generations notwithstanding the strong undertones of dark humor. For the uninitiated, the basic story is that American Air Force General Jack D. Ripper (Sterling Hayden) sends the attack signal to an airborne bomber piloted by Maj. T.J. King Kong (Slim Pickens). Capt. Lionel Mandrake (Peter Sellers) realizes that Ripper is crazy and attempts to contact the President (Peter Sellers) who is barricaded in the war room with his advisors, the hawkish Gen. Buck Turgidson (George C. Scott) and ex-Nazi Dr. Strangelove (Peter Sellers) as well as the Russian ambassador (Peter Bull). As the men debate the merits of letting the chips fall or trying to stop the bomber, Maj. Kong is doing his best to fulfill his duties in nuclear combat, toe to toe with the Russkies. Kong eventually rides the big one down after freeing a jammed bomb. The casting was superb, with Sellers playing three parts (originally four until Pickens was cast as Kong which was much better). An interesting contrast is with the film Failsafe (1964) which has the same basic story yet is straight and in color, while Strangelove is back and white with dark comedy. The bottom line is that Dr. Strangelove Or How I Learned To Stop Worrying And Love the Bomb reaches the pinnacle in film as an art form and remains relevant today while other similar themed movies are outdated.
5|11112|The funniest movie of the year. I'm a great Jim Carrey fan and once again he gave us laughs.
5|3159|Very entertaining and good action. Jet Li rules.
5|17563|During the civil wars in 16th century Japan,two cowardly peasants chance upon a noble Samurai(the great Toshiro Mifune)protecting a beautiful,spirited princess as they undertake a perilous journey through enemy territory.The memorable wide-screen compositions, distinctive landscapes and exciting plot make for an extremely entertaining and enjoyable adventure.Though relatively neglected (compared with several other Kurosawa films),Hidden Fortress was,incidentally, an acknowledged inspiration for Star Wars,and should prove accessible to viewers less familiar with foreign language cinema.
5|2247|I thought Maverick was a pimp in this movie. I love airplanes. I thought it was sweet when his friend got killed.
5|5528|Simply a fantastic piece of work. One of the best acting roles in the history of movies, is done in this film, by Anthony Perkins. I have never seen someone who can so fully play a part. What a magnificent job. The action is exciting, the horror is intense, and in general, this is total 5 star stuff. Definitely see it, for anyone.
5|2253|This is the only movie I know by heart. Good action scenes. Too bad there aren't enough naked chicks. Fun for the whole family, I guess.
5|18644|This movie had the one of the most original and mysterious twists I've ever seen. From the beginning to the end, I loved this movie. My absolute favorite part - at the very end, the one boy is leaving with his family and he looks back at the other family standing in the window and then they disappear. Great way to end this movie!
5|13711|Robin Williams, as always, leads the way.
5|6035|Hilarious. Peter Sellers is the jack-o-all trades. The doomsday notion is so real that I sometimes wonder if some country has got it happening today. Flying down on the bomb is a great scene.
5|8018|What an absolute classic. Stripes was among the first R rated movies that I saw and was the first one that I ever taped off of HBO. I probably wore the tape out I watched it so much. Bill Murray is incredible and really carries the movie. Yet, it is the understated performance by Harold Ramis which is probably my favorite. The first part of the movie is definitely better and perhaps the movie drags on a little, but this is still one of the funniest movies of all-time with some of the most memorable lines. And, with John Candy, Judge Reinhold, and John Laroquette in supporting roles, the cast is great. As the capper, the film taught me what a loofah was.
1|19913|STUPID STUPID STUPID! A so called horror/thriller film trying to be funny does not go over well. Terrible acing from each cast member! AVOID!
5|15406|I LOVED THIS MOVIE!!!! IT WAS SOOOO SAD AND GOOD, JULIA STILES IS REALLY AWESOME AT THESE TYPE OF MOVIES....IM IN LOVE WITH SEAN PATRICK THOMAS NOW ALSO......IT WAS REAL REAL REAL GOOD....I CRYED 5 TIMES THE WHOLE WAY THROUGH IT ALSO!!!! WELL I LOVE THIS MOVIE ANYONE WANNA EMAIL ME MY EMAIL IS BRIT_DA_BRAT82@YAHOO.COM AND MY AIM S/N IS STLDANCE203 OR KISSSHOWTELL WELL CANT WAIT TO HEAR FROM YOU!!!! LOVE *NICOLE* 
5|14718|excellent performances. good story.
5|13077|Schindler's List was based on a true story. Obviously the people who belive that the halocaust did not happen will disagree with me.... Set that aside, this film is beautifully done - Steven Spielberg obviously did a lot of research into this as I don't think anything in this film is overdramatised at all. It is very disturbing seeing certain events in this film - but it only reflects how disturbing life can be. It was a story that needed to be done, this is something that we should not forget. Persecution of any manner is wrong.
5|9460|One of the best comedies I've ever seen. It's refreshing to see a movie that doesn't try so hard to be funny. Has a great view and insights about relationships too.
1|21254|Since there are now two versions, my question is, was anyone really buying Glen Close in this role? Meg Ryan is younger by a long shot and even SHE would be too old to play Nellie. If they were just trying to find work for older actresses, why not let Mitzi Gaynor reprise the role . Tsk, tsk. If you enjoy the story and music, stick with the much superior 1950's version.
5|18122|Absolute classic. It used to come on late at night on a Fri or Sat night when I was a kid in Chicago. Used to scare the bejeezus out of me. It's not the effects, acting, technicalities, etc that get you - it's how it all works. The camera angles, the pacing, the prevalent darkness, the sense that something horrible has happened, due to the documentary style (like a nuclear apocalypse has occurred), the realistic TV newscast, the interplay of the characters, and the fact that this is the 1st zombie movie and Romero's first (amazing) - plus the racial overtones and that heart-breaking ending - and then that scary music at the end - fantastic! But you'd have to see it at an impressionable age.
1|8589|WHAT A PIECE OF GARBAGE. PEOPLE SHOULD SUIT.
5|4144|It's a great movie
1|12846|I prefer Tupac dead.
5|7465|it's a really good movie. I recomend seeing it!
1|20162|Why oh why did they make this movie?
5|12341|Wallace and Gromit are, without a doubt, the two most charming, lovable, heart-warming and sweet-natured characters to ever grace both television and the silver screen. "The Curse of the Were-Rabbit" is outrageously funny and quite simply, hilarious without being insulting. Nick Park is a genius; this movie is a labor of love and the best one I have ever seen. W&G are not just for kids. Some of the adults who are head over heels in love with this dynamic duo are the most worldly, sophisticated, accomplished and even cynical people I know. Wallace's big, goofy grin and Gromit's deep, soul eyes have captured hearts from all age groups and all walks of life. I'd give it six stars it they were available! :) 
5|1014|A genre defining film with a lead character that was tough but vulnerable. I still watch this film on a regular basis as it became the action picture by which most others are compared. Willis was perfectly cast for this role and Rickman gives a fantastic performance.
5|9448|My favorite Woody Allen film. It's hilarious, and says more about relationships than any comedy I've seen (even Annie Hall). When Harry Met Sally......give me a friggin break!
5|5272|I absolutely adore this movie. The perfect family film.
5|21953|After finally sitting down to watch this I could picture ClassicTVFan pacing back and forth in his mom's basement while shouting the word inconceivable. Here's a quick impression for you. You mean there are people on the surface that don't like Star Trek? Well, that's just so wrong it's... INCONCEIVABLE!! 
5|11890|a love this movie it is so funny and what to say about the song of penis
5|11648|This was awesome! i loved the scene with the burning... well watch and find out
1|9867|this movie sucked!
5|19572|The best thriller to come out in ages. I thought films like this had died out a long time ago. Joy Ride has proven me wrong. This film had me crouched in my chair and biting my nails through some of the coolest suspence filled moments I have ever experienced. I would go as far as to compare this to Hitchcock. A perfect blend of hard edged humor and heart pounding suspence and terror make this one of the best thrillers I have ever seen. A great cast and an original story as well as beautiful directing help to bring this film to full speed life. Steve Zahn is excellent as usual. Paul Walker prooves himself to be a fairly good action type and Leelee Sobeieski makes the most of a underwritten yet believable role. (Anyone else notice her High Beams are on in about every damn shot???) A Great film that relies on sheer terror rather than a bloody stump. Like the great Alfred Hitchcock once said, I want to torture my audience as much as possible. Believe me, you will be tortured in the most wonderful ways imaginable. Joy Ride deliverse the goods. HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
1|24462|Painful to watch. Catwoman & Hellboy the one two punch of the "B" rated superheor flicks.
5|10230|Coyote Ugly was a fantastic movie! I love the story line and the cast! It made me want to get up and become a Coyote. Two thumbs up! Great movie!
5|5514|This movie was excellent - I saw it when I was very young, but this movie is a must-see whenever it's on in reruns. There are 2 classic scenes: the shower scene and the scene where the car slowly sinks to the bottom of the lake. Both have been copied more times than I can count. Hitchcock's masterpiece, in my opinion. It was way ahead of its time, which makes it modern. The psychological, sexual, and violent aspects were a first in movie history. The forerunner to the slasher film.
5|13739|One of my favorite movies. Glory is the story of Robert Gould Shaw - the white commander of one of the first battallions of black soldiers in the Civil War. The book which the movie was based upon was written by piecing together letters which Shaw sent back to his New England family - and which are still on display in a Boston museum. The acting is superb - Morgan Freeman, Denzel Washington, Matthew Broderick, the story is compelling (and true), and the drama is intense. If you have not seen this movie, brace yourself - it is sad and powerful and deep and historical.
5|14056|Aside from the useless profanity, this Ron Howard-directed classic combines great science, good acting and great special effects with an upbeat ending! Highly recommended!
5|15348|If you liked Apollo 13, you'll love the Right Stuff. The movie runs a little long, but supplies an almost complete look at the Mercury program. Ed Harris and Scott Glenn are excellent. Dennis Quaid and Fred Ward provide perfect support to create a cast of well played charcters. This history is interesting enough by itself that embelishment is unnecessary. Jeff Goldbloom bothers me though.
5|12427|DaVinci Code Lite (In fact, did you catch Dr. Gates' alias was Brown). But it was very entertaining and it was an outstanding family film in that my kids learned something by watching it. The on-location scenes, particularly in Philadelphia (Hey look kids, I remember that was the place me and Louie Tunutos got a cheesesteak in 1979), were great. I give it 2 thumbs, 2 big toes and a penis (the cute blonde curator) up.
5|24181|more of Jason, with his great performance....
5|14042|Amadeus was a great movie because just about every part of it was flawless. The acting was great, the storyline, the costumes, the set....It was also extremely believable and the way Mozart's music was incorporated with the scenes of the movie was also great.
5|1766|Beast bond .Aliza gur was hot but who wouldve won between the two female fighters.
1|20610|I worked at a grocery store with a video rental shop. The lady that worked there always played this movie, over and over again. I hated it. I can not stand this movie.
5|7317|Yeahhhhhh, this movie is hilarious. Mmmmmkay? Thaaaaaaaaanks.
5|8024|I cannot remember laughing so hard from watching a movie in years! This was a truly original romantic comedy. I recommend this movie to everyone!
5|12433|I thoroughly enjoyed the movie, myself. It's an action flick that obviously doesn't take itself too seriously. Some of the dialogue in it is hysterical, and there's even a bit of a history lesson, if you're paying attention. This movie reminded my of the Indiana Jones movies, which I also enjoyed. A good clean action flick for the whole family, IMHO
1|24476|boring movie
5|10224|At first, I thought it would be a retarded movie, until my friends showed it to me. I thought Coyote Ugly wold mainly be about strippers or some thing, but I was wrong. It was an excellent movie that I can even show to my mom.
5|21947|Anyone want a peanut?
5|2509|Great Movie
5|11884|i thought this movie was great. i expected it to suck, like everyone else did, but it's so funny, in a dark sort of way. It made me laugh a lot. A great look into the cutthroat world of Children's entertainment. Makes yoou think what kind of Bribes Barney must have been taking during his supreme reign...
5|8742|American Pie is a classic comedy that any age group can appreciate, not just adolescents
5|22296|This film formed the major part of my Childhood. Sadly the following films lacked something in my opinion. So many great things in my childhood are based around this film. The acting, the special effects, at the time it was like nothing else.
5|14724|We need more post-feminist movies! Julia Roberts made the movie perfect with her popularity. I definitely went to see it because of Julia Roberts celebrity.
5|1000|My favorite action movie yet!
